(S
(Sil
(Silen
(Silence
(Silence)
(Wind blowing)
(Eerie, suspenseful music)
♪
Push out!
(All yelling, screaming)
♪
R
Rut
Ruth:
Ruth: H
Ruth: Hol
Ruth: Hold
Ruth: Hold th
Ruth: Hold the
Ruth: Hold the do
Ruth: Hold the door
Ruth: Hold the door,
ho
hold
hold t
hold the
hold the d
hold the doo
hold the door!
(Clamouring continues)
M
Mel
Melan
Melanie
Melanie:
Melanie: Fr
Melanie: From
Melanie: From t
Melanie: From the
Melanie: From the t
Melanie: From the tai
Melanie: From the tail
Melanie: From the tail to
Melanie: From the tail to t
Melanie: From the tail to the
dr
draw
Melanie: From the tail to the
drawer
drawers,
Melanie: From the tail to the
drawers, t
drawers, to
Melanie: From the tail to the
drawers, to th
drawers, to the
Melanie: From the tail to the
drawers, to the he
drawers, to the helm
Melanie: From the tail to the
drawers, to the helm,
drawers, to the helm, it
Melanie: From the tail to the
drawers, to the helm, it's
drawers, to the helm, it's h
Melanie: From the tail to the
drawers, to the helm, it's har
drawers, to the helm, it's hard
no
not
drawers, to the helm, it's hard
not to
not to t
drawers, to the helm, it's hard
not to thi
not to think
drawers, to the helm, it's hard
not to think o
not to think of
drawers, to the helm, it's hard
not to think of th
not to think of the
drawers, to the helm, it's hard
not to think of the pa
not to think of the past
drawers, to the helm, it's hard
not to think of the past.
♪
R
Rut
Ruth:
Ruth: T
Ruth: The
Ruth: The b
Ruth: The bat
Ruth: The battl
Ruth: The battles
Ruth: The battles,
Ruth: The battles, th
Ruth: The battles, the
lo
loss
Ruth: The battles, the
losses
losses,
Ruth: The battles, the
losses, th
losses, the
Ruth: The battles, the
losses, the co
losses, the comp
Ruth: The battles, the
losses, the compro
losses, the compromi
Ruth: The battles, the
losses, the compromise
losses, the compromises
Ruth: The battles, the
losses, the compromises we
losses, the compromises we'v
Ruth: The battles, the
losses, the compromises we've
ma
made
losses, the compromises we've
made t
made to
losses, the compromises we've
made to sa
made to save
losses, the compromises we've
made to save a
made to save as
losses, the compromises we've
made to save as ma
made to save as many
as
as w
made to save as many
as we
as we co
made to save as many
as we coul
as we could.
♪
D
Did
Did t
Did the
Did they
Did they re
Did they real
Did they really
ju
just
Did they really
just a
just aba
Did they really
just aband
just abandon
Did they really
just abandon s
just abandon shi
Did they really
just abandon ship?
W
Why
just abandon ship?
Why w
Why wou
just abandon ship?
Why would
Why would t
just abandon ship?
Why would the
Why would they
just abandon ship?
Why would they do
Why would they do t
just abandon ship?
Why would they do tha
Why would they do that?
L
Let
Why would they do that?
Let's
Let's g
Why would they do that?
Let's go
Let's go ch
Why would they do that?
Let's go chec
Let's go check.
T
The
Let's go check.
They
They mi
Let's go check.
They migh
They might
Let's go check.
They might ha
They might have
Let's go check.
They might have l
They might have lef
Let's go check.
They might have left
so
sold
They might have left
soldie
soldiers
They might have left
soldiers u
soldiers up
They might have left
soldiers up th
soldiers up ther
They might have left
soldiers up there.
We
We s
soldiers up there.
We sho
We shoul
soldiers up there.
We should
We should be
soldiers up there.
We should be p
We should be pre
soldiers up there.
We should be prepa
We should be prepare
soldiers up there.
We should be prepared.
W
We
We should be prepared.
We ca
We can
We should be prepared.
We can gr
We can grab
We should be prepared.
We can grab s
We can grab som
We should be prepared.
We can grab somet
We can grab somethi
We should be prepared.
We can grab something
We can grab something h
We should be prepared.
We can grab something hea
We can grab something heavy
an
and
We can grab something heavy
and sw
and swin
We can grab something heavy
and swing
and swing a
We can grab something heavy
and swing a bl
and swing a blow
We can grab something heavy
and swing a blow i
and swing a blow in
th
the
and swing a blow in
the su
the sub
and swing a blow in
the sub en
the sub engi
and swing a blow in
the sub engine
the sub engine.
O
Oka
the sub engine.
Okay.
♪
J
Jos
Josie
Josie:
Josie: Fr
Josie: From
Josie: From O
Josie: From Old
Josie: From Old D
Josie: From Old Dev
Josie: From Old Devon
Josie: From Old Devon t
Josie: From Old Devon to
Ma
Mama
Josie: From Old Devon to
Mama G
Mama Gra
Josie: From Old Devon to
Mama Grand
Mama Grande,
Josie: From Old Devon to
Mama Grande, l
Mama Grande, las
Josie: From Old Devon to
Mama Grande, last
Mama Grande, last Au
Josie: From Old Devon to
Mama Grande, last Aust
Mama Grande, last Austra
Josie: From Old Devon to
Mama Grande, last Australi
Mama Grande, last Australian
Josie: From Old Devon to
Mama Grande, last Australian t
Mama Grande, last Australian to
pi
pike
Mama Grande, last Australian to
pike,
pike, on
Mama Grande, last Australian to
pike, one
pike, one li
Mama Grande, last Australian to
pike, one life
pike, one life a
Mama Grande, last Australian to
pike, one life aft
pike, one life after
Mama Grande, last Australian to
pike, one life after a
pike, one life after ano
Mama Grande, last Australian to
pike, one life after anoth
pike, one life after another
Mama Grande, last Australian to
pike, one life after another.
A
And
pike, one life after another.
Andre
Andre:
pike, one life after another.
Andre: On
Andre: One
pike, one life after another.
Andre: One do
Andre: One door
pike, one life after another.
Andre: One door a
Andre: One door aft
pike, one life after another.
Andre: One door after
Andre: One door after t
pike, one life after another.
Andre: One door after the
ne
next
Andre: One door after the
next,
next, al
Andre: One door after the
next, alwa
next, always
Andre: One door after the
next, always m
next, always mov
Andre: One door after the
next, always movin
next, always moving
Andre: One door after the
next, always moving fo
next, always moving forw
Andre: One door after the
next, always moving forwar
next, always moving forward,
ho
hopi
next, always moving forward,
hoping
hoping t
next, always moving forward,
hoping tha
hoping that
next, always moving forward,
hoping that wh
hoping that what
next, always moving forward,
hoping that what's
hoping that what's i
next, always moving forward,
hoping that what's in
hoping that what's in fr
next, always moving forward,
hoping that what's in fron
hoping that what's in front
next, always moving forward,
hoping that what's in front is
be
bett
hoping that what's in front is
better
better t
hoping that what's in front is
better tha
better than
hoping that what's in front is
better than wh
better than what
hoping that what's in front is
better than what's
better than what's b
hoping that what's in front is
better than what's beh
better than what's behin
hoping that what's in front is
better than what's behind.
(All shouting)
Al
Alri
Alrigh
Alright
Alright pe
Alright peop
Alright people
Alright people.
We
We d
Alright people.
We did
We didn'
Alright people.
We didn't
We didn't wo
Alright people.
We didn't work
We didn't work t
Alright people.
We didn't work thi
We didn't work this
Alright people.
We didn't work this ha
We didn't work this hard
Alright people.
We didn't work this hard j
We didn't work this hard jus
Alright people.
We didn't work this hard just
to
to g
We didn't work this hard just
to get
to get o
We didn't work this hard just
to get on
to get on bo
We didn't work this hard just
to get on boar
to get on board,
We didn't work this hard just
to get on board, w
to get on board, we
We didn't work this hard just
to get on board, we ne
to get on board, we need
to
to k
to get on board, we need
to kee
to keep
to get on board, we need
to keep mo
to keep movi
to get on board, we need
to keep moving
to keep moving f
to get on board, we need
to keep moving for
to keep moving forwa
to get on board, we need
to keep moving forward
to keep moving forward.
An
Any
to keep moving forward.
Any ne
Any news
to keep moving forward.
Any news f
Any news fro
to keep moving forward.
Any news from
Any news from do
to keep moving forward.
Any news from down
Any news from down t
to keep moving forward.
Any news from down tra
Any news from down train
to keep moving forward.
Any news from down train?
J
Jav
Any news from down train?
Javi
Javi is
Any news from down train?
Javi is s
Javi is sti
Any news from down train?
Javi is still
Javi is still w
Any news from down train?
Javi is still wor
Javi is still worki
Any news from down train?
Javi is still working
Javi is still working o
Any news from down train?
Javi is still working on
Javi is still working on it
Any news from down train?
Javi is still working on it.
Th
The
Javi is still working on it.
The do
The door
Javi is still working on it.
The door's
The door's n
Javi is still working on it.
The door's not
The door's not r
Javi is still working on it.
The door's not res
The door's not respo
Javi is still working on it.
The door's not respond
The door's not respondin
Javi is still working on it.
The door's not responding.
W
Wha
The door's not responding.
What,
What, w
The door's not responding.
What, wit
What, with
The door's not responding.
What, with ca
What, with cars
The door's not responding.
What, with cars o
What, with cars on
The door's not responding.
What, with cars on Bi
What, with cars on Big
The door's not responding.
What, with cars on Big Al
What, with cars on Big Alic
The door's not responding.
What, with cars on Big Alice?
C
Can
What, with cars on Big Alice?
Can h
Can he
What, with cars on Big Alice?
Can he ge
Can he get
What, with cars on Big Alice?
Can he get th
Can he get this
What, with cars on Big Alice?
Can he get this d
Can he get this doo
What, with cars on Big Alice?
Can he get this door
Can he get this door op
What, with cars on Big Alice?
Can he get this door open
Can he get this door open?
Y
Yea
Can he get this door open?
Yeah.
T
Thi
Yeah.
This
This ca
Yeah.
This car
This car to
Yeah.
This car to c
This car to car
Yeah.
This car to car s
This car to car shi
Yeah.
This car to car shit,
This car to car shit, i
Yeah.
This car to car shit, it
re
remi
This car to car shit, it
remind
reminds
This car to car shit, it
reminds me
reminds me o
This car to car shit, it
reminds me of
reminds me of ba
This car to car shit, it
reminds me of bad
reminds me of bad da
This car to car shit, it
reminds me of bad days
reminds me of bad days.
I
I w
reminds me of bad days.
I was
I was n
reminds me of bad days.
I was nev
I was never
reminds me of bad days.
I was never t
I was never thi
reminds me of bad days.
I was never this
sc
scar
I was never this
scared
scared b
I was never this
scared bac
scared back
I was never this
scared back th
scared back then
I was never this
scared back then.
A
And
scared back then.
Andre
Andre L
scared back then.
Andre Lay
Andre Layto
scared back then.
Andre Layton
Andre Layton sc
scared back then.
Andre Layton scar
Andre Layton scared
scared back then.
Andre Layton scared,
Andre Layton scared, ca
scared back then.
Andre Layton scared, can'
Andre Layton scared, can't
be
beli
Andre Layton scared, can't
believ
believe
Andre Layton scared, can't
believe th
believe that
Andre Layton scared, can't
believe that f
believe that for
Andre Layton scared, can't
believe that for a
believe that for a m
Andre Layton scared, can't
believe that for a min
believe that for a minut
Andre Layton scared, can't
believe that for a minute.
O
Onl
believe that for a minute.
Only
Only a
believe that for a minute.
Only a bi
Only a bit.
believe that for a minute.
Only a bit...
ne
neve
Only a bit...
never
never ha
Only a bit...
never had
never had th
Only a bit...
never had this
never had this m
Only a bit...
never had this muc
never had this much
Only a bit...
never had this much to
never had this much to l
Only a bit...
never had this much to los
never had this much to lose.
♪
A
Ale
Alex:
Alex: W
Alex: Wha
Alex: What
Alex: What yo
Alex: What you
Alex: What you do
Alex: What you don'
Alex: What you don't
Alex: What you don't re
Alex: What you don't real
Alex: What you don't realiz
Alex: What you don't realize
as
as y
Alex: What you don't realize
as you
as you'r
Alex: What you don't realize
as you're
as you're pl
Alex: What you don't realize
as you're plow
as you're plowin
Alex: What you don't realize
as you're plowing
as you're plowing ah
Alex: What you don't realize
as you're plowing ahea
as you're plowing ahead,
ke
keep
as you're plowing ahead,
keepin
keeping
as you're plowing ahead,
keeping sc
keeping scor
as you're plowing ahead,
keeping score
is
is t
keeping score
is tha
is that
keeping score
is that it
is that it's
keeping score
is that it's n
is that it's not
keeping score
is that it's not s
is that it's not so
keeping score
is that it's not so mu
is that it's not so much
ab
abou
is that it's not so much
about
about wh
is that it's not so much
about wher
about where
is that it's not so much
about where yo
about where you
is that it's not so much
about where you ar
about where you are.
is that it's not so much
about where you are...
N
No
about where you are...
No on
No one
about where you are...
No one ho
No one home
about where you are...
No one home.
A
Ale
No one home.
Alex:
Alex: .
No one home.
Alex: ...
Alex: ...bu
No one home.
Alex: ...but
Alex: ...but wh
No one home.
Alex: ...but who
Alex: ...but who yo
No one home.
Alex: ...but who you'
Alex: ...but who you're
No one home.
Alex: ...but who you're w
Alex: ...but who you're wit
No one home.
Alex: ...but who you're with.
♪
(Loud banging)
O
One
One t
One tra
One train
One train.
(Everyone joins in)
(Chanting "One train")
♪
E
Eve
Every
Everyth
Everythin
Everything'
Everything's
Everything's do
Everything's down
Everything's down.
Th
This
Everything's down.
This w
This was
Everything's down.
This wasn'
This wasn't
Everything's down.
This wasn't a
This wasn't a pa
Everything's down.
This wasn't a part
This wasn't a part o
Everything's down.
This wasn't a part of
This wasn't a part of th
Everything's down.
This wasn't a part of the
This wasn't a part of the pl
Everything's down.
This wasn't a part of the plan
This wasn't a part of the plans,
he
he k
This wasn't a part of the plans,
he kep
he kept
This wasn't a part of the plans,
he kept th
he kept this
This wasn't a part of the plans,
he kept this f
he kept this fro
This wasn't a part of the plans,
he kept this from
he kept this from us
This wasn't a part of the plans,
he kept this from us.
Bi
Big
he kept this from us.
Big Al
Big Alic
he kept this from us.
Big Alice
Big Alice is
he kept this from us.
Big Alice is e
Big Alice is ess
he kept this from us.
Big Alice is essen
Big Alice is essenti
he kept this from us.
Big Alice is essential
Big Alice is essentially
no
now
Big Alice is essentially
now a
now a gl
Big Alice is essentially
now a glor
now a glorif
Big Alice is essentially
now a glorifie
now a glorified
Big Alice is essentially
now a glorified se
now a glorified serv
Big Alice is essentially
now a glorified servan
now a glorified servant.
U
Und
now a glorified servant.
Under
Under S
now a glorified servant.
Under Sno
Under Snowp
now a glorified servant.
Under Snowpie
Under Snowpierc
now a glorified servant.
Under Snowpiercer
Under Snowpiercer's
now a glorified servant.
Under Snowpiercer's c
Under Snowpiercer's con
now a glorified servant.
Under Snowpiercer's contr
Under Snowpiercer's control
now a glorified servant.
Under Snowpiercer's control.
So
So w
Under Snowpiercer's control.
So we'
So we've
Under Snowpiercer's control.
So we've l
So we've los
Under Snowpiercer's control.
So we've lost
So we've lost th
Under Snowpiercer's control.
So we've lost the
So we've lost the en
Under Snowpiercer's control.
So we've lost the engi
So we've lost the engine
Under Snowpiercer's control.
So we've lost the engine.
(Clanging)
(Chanting "One train")
M
Mel
Melan
Melanie
Melanie:
Melanie: Wh
Melanie: Whet
Melanie: Whethe
Melanie: Whether
Melanie: Whether we
Melanie: Whether we l
Melanie: Whether we lik
Melanie: Whether we like
Melanie: Whether we like it
or
or n
Melanie: Whether we like it
or not
or not,
Melanie: Whether we like it
or not, we
or not, we'r
Melanie: Whether we like it
or not, we're
or not, we're al
Melanie: Whether we like it
or not, we're all
or not, we're all we
Melanie: Whether we like it
or not, we're all we h
or not, we're all we hav
Melanie: Whether we like it
or not, we're all we have.
Th
The
or not, we're all we have.
The su
The surv
or not, we're all we have.
The surviv
The survivor
or not, we're all we have.
The survivors
The survivors wh
or not, we're all we have.
The survivors who
The survivors who ar
or not, we're all we have.
The survivors who are
The survivors who are le
or not, we're all we have.
The survivors who are left
The survivors who are left,
ba
band
The survivors who are left,
bandin
banding
The survivors who are left,
banding to
banding toge
The survivors who are left,
banding togeth
banding together
The survivors who are left,
banding together f
banding together for
on
one
banding together for
one la
one last
banding together for
one last s
one last sta
banding together for
one last stand
one last stand..
banding together for
one last stand...
(Chanting continues)
..
...o
...on
...on Sn
...on Snow
...on Snowpi
...on Snowpier
...on Snowpierce
...on Snowpiercer.
(Chanting)
(Screaming)
♪
(Dynamic theme music)
(Music fades)
(All screaming)
A
And
Andre
Andre:
Andre: Le
Andre: Let'
Andre: Let's
Andre: Let's go
Andre: Let's go,
Andre: Let's go, le
Andre: Let's go, let'
Andre: Let's go, let's
Andre: Let's go, let's go
Andre: Let's go, let's go.
Ke
Keep
Andre: Let's go, let's go.
Keep p
Keep pus
Andre: Let's go, let's go.
Keep pushi
Keep pushing
Andre: Let's go, let's go.
Keep pushing t
Keep pushing the
Andre: Let's go, let's go.
Keep pushing them
Keep pushing them ba
Andre: Let's go, let's go.
Keep pushing them back
Keep pushing them back.
(All clamouring)
G
Gas
Gas,
Gas, ev
Gas, ever
Gas, everyb
Gas, everybod
Gas, everybody
Gas, everybody ru
Gas, everybody run!
(Shouting)
E
Eve
Every
Everybo
Everybody
Everybody g
Everybody get
Everybody get b
Everybody get bac
Everybody get back.
Ge
Get
Everybody get back.
Get ba
Get back
Everybody get back.
Get back!
♪
A
Ale
Alex,
Alex, w
Alex, we
Alex, we mi
Alex, we migh
Alex, we might
Alex, we might ha
Alex, we might have
Alex, we might have t
Alex, we might have to
Alex, we might have to sh
Alex, we might have to shif
Alex, we might have to shift
ge
gear
Alex, we might have to shift
gears,
gears, f
Alex, we might have to shift
gears, fin
gears, find
Alex, we might have to shift
gears, find La
gears, find Layt
Alex, we might have to shift
gears, find Layton
gears, find Layton,
Alex, we might have to shift
gears, find Layton, go
fo
for
gears, find Layton, go
for th
for the
gears, find Layton, go
for the ro
for the rock
gears, find Layton, go
for the rocket
for the rocket.
N
No,
for the rocket.
No, I
No, I c
for the rocket.
No, I can
No, I can g
for the rocket.
No, I can get
No, I can get u
for the rocket.
No, I can get us
No, I can get us ba
for the rocket.
No, I can get us back
up
up o
No, I can get us back
up onl
up onlin
No, I can get us back
up online.
Ni
Nima
up online.
Nima c
Nima can
up online.
Nima can't
Nima can't a
up online.
Nima can't and
Nima can't and w
up online.
Nima can't and won
Nima can't and won't
up online.
Nima can't and won't e
Nima can't and won't eve
up online.
Nima can't and won't ever
Nima can't and won't ever be
ab
able
Nima can't and won't ever be
able t
able to
Nima can't and won't ever be
able to la
able to laun
Nima can't and won't ever be
able to launch
able to launch t
Nima can't and won't ever be
able to launch the
able to launch the t
Nima can't and won't ever be
able to launch the thi
able to launch the thing
Nima can't and won't ever be
able to launch the thing i
able to launch the thing if
Nima can't and won't ever be
able to launch the thing if he
ca
can
able to launch the thing if he
can ne
can neve
able to launch the thing if he
can never
can never re
able to launch the thing if he
can never reac
can never reach
able to launch the thing if he
can never reach a
can never reach a la
able to launch the thing if he
can never reach a laun
can never reach a launch
able to launch the thing if he
can never reach a launch p
can never reach a launch poi
able to launch the thing if he
can never reach a launch point
can never reach a launch point.
A
Ale
can never reach a launch point.
Alex,
Alex, I
can never reach a launch point.
Alex, I d
Alex, I don
can never reach a launch point.
Alex, I don't
Alex, I don't t
can never reach a launch point.
Alex, I don't thi
Alex, I don't think
we
we h
Alex, I don't think
we hav
we have
Alex, I don't think
we have ti
we have time
Alex, I don't think
we have time f
we have time for
Alex, I don't think
we have time for t
we have time for tha
Alex, I don't think
we have time for that.
M
Mom
we have time for that.
Mom,
Mom, I
we have time for that.
Mom, I kn
Mom, I know
we have time for that.
Mom, I know t
Mom, I know thi
we have time for that.
Mom, I know this
Mom, I know this en
we have time for that.
Mom, I know this engi
Mom, I know this engine
fo
forw
Mom, I know this engine
forwar
forwards
Mom, I know this engine
forwards a
forwards and
Mom, I know this engine
forwards and b
forwards and bac
Mom, I know this engine
forwards and backw
forwards and backwar
Mom, I know this engine
forwards and backwards
forwards and backwards,
ev
ever
forwards and backwards,
every
every bo
forwards and backwards,
every bolt
every bolt.
Ev
Ever
every bolt.
Every
Every sc
every bolt.
Every scre
Every screw.
Y
Yea
Every screw.
Yeah,
Yeah, I
Every screw.
Yeah, I'm
Yeah, I'm n
Every screw.
Yeah, I'm not
Yeah, I'm not d
Every screw.
Yeah, I'm not dis
Yeah, I'm not dispu
Every screw.
Yeah, I'm not disputi
Yeah, I'm not disputing
Every screw.
Yeah, I'm not disputing t
Yeah, I'm not disputing tha
Every screw.
Yeah, I'm not disputing that.
A
Ale
Yeah, I'm not disputing that.
Alex:
Alex: W
Yeah, I'm not disputing that.
Alex: Wel
Alex: Well,
Yeah, I'm not disputing that.
Alex: Well, i
Alex: Well, if
Yeah, I'm not disputing that.
Alex: Well, if we
Alex: Well, if we g
Yeah, I'm not disputing that.
Alex: Well, if we giv
Alex: Well, if we give
Yeah, I'm not disputing that.
Alex: Well, if we give up
Alex: Well, if we give up o
Yeah, I'm not disputing that.
Alex: Well, if we give up on
he
her
Alex: Well, if we give up on
her no
her now
Alex: Well, if we give up on
her now Wi
her now Wilf
Alex: Well, if we give up on
her now Wilfor
her now Wilford
Alex: Well, if we give up on
her now Wilford wi
her now Wilford will
Alex: Well, if we give up on
her now Wilford will r
her now Wilford will rol
Alex: Well, if we give up on
her now Wilford will roll
her now Wilford will roll in
Alex: Well, if we give up on
her now Wilford will roll in.
hi
his
her now Wilford will roll in.
his gr
his grav
her now Wilford will roll in.
his grave
his grave if
her now Wilford will roll in.
his grave if h
his grave if he
her now Wilford will roll in.
his grave if he ev
his grave if he even
her now Wilford will roll in.
his grave if he even h
his grave if he even has
her now Wilford will roll in.
his grave if he even has o
his grave if he even has one
her now Wilford will roll in.
his grave if he even has one.
♪
H
He'
He's
He's de
He's dead
He's dead?
♪
Y
Yes
Yes.
♪
Yo
You
You th
You thou
You though
You thought
You thought he
You thought he w
You thought he was
You thought he was s
You thought he was sti
You thought he was still
in
in t
You thought he was still
in the
in the s
You thought he was still
in the sil
in the silo.
W
Why
in the silo.
Why d
Why did
in the silo.
Why didn'
Why didn't
in the silo.
Why didn't yo
Why didn't you
in the silo.
Why didn't you te
Why didn't you tell
in the silo.
Why didn't you tell m
Why didn't you tell me?
(
(Si
Why didn't you tell me?
(Sigh
(Sighs)
Why didn't you tell me?
(Sighs) I
(Sighs) I d
Why didn't you tell me?
(Sighs) I don
(Sighs) I don't
Why didn't you tell me?
(Sighs) I don't k
(Sighs) I don't kno
Why didn't you tell me?
(Sighs) I don't know.
Ma
Mayb
(Sighs) I don't know.
Maybe
Maybe be
(Sighs) I don't know.
Maybe beca
Maybe becaus
(Sighs) I don't know.
Maybe because
Maybe because I'
(Sighs) I don't know.
Maybe because I've
Maybe because I've b
(Sighs) I don't know.
Maybe because I've bee
Maybe because I've been
(Sighs) I don't know.
Maybe because I've been de
Maybe because I've been deal
(Sighs) I don't know.
Maybe because I've been dealin
Maybe because I've been dealing
wi
with
Maybe because I've been dealing
with m
with my
Maybe because I've been dealing
with my bi
with my biol
Maybe because I've been dealing
with my biolog
with my biologic
Maybe because I've been dealing
with my biological
with my biological f
Maybe because I've been dealing
with my biological fat
with my biological fathe
Maybe because I've been dealing
with my biological father
with my biological father tr
Maybe because I've been dealing
with my biological father tryi
with my biological father trying
to
to d
with my biological father trying
to des
to destr
with my biological father trying
to destroy
to destroy t
with my biological father trying
to destroy the
to destroy the w
with my biological father trying
to destroy the wor
to destroy the world
with my biological father trying
to destroy the world.
C
Can
to destroy the world.
Can w
Can we
to destroy the world.
Can we ju
Can we just
to destroy the world.
Can we just t
Can we just tal
to destroy the world.
Can we just talk
Can we just talk ab
to destroy the world.
Can we just talk abou
Can we just talk about
it
it f
Can we just talk about
it for
it for a
Can we just talk about
it for a m
it for a min
Can we just talk about
it for a minut
it for a minute?
I
I'd
it for a minute?
I'd r
I'd rea
it for a minute?
I'd reall
I'd really
it for a minute?
I'd really ju
I'd really just
it for a minute?
I'd really just r
I'd really just rat
it for a minute?
I'd really just rathe
I'd really just rather
no
not,
I'd really just rather
not, o
not, oka
I'd really just rather
not, okay?
Li
Like
not, okay?
Like y
Like you
not, okay?
Like you s
Like you sai
not, okay?
Like you said,
Like you said, w
not, okay?
Like you said, we
Like you said, we do
not, okay?
Like you said, we don'
Like you said, we don't
ha
have
Like you said, we don't
have t
have tim
Like you said, we don't
have time.
No
Now
have time.
Now ar
Now are
have time.
Now are yo
Now are you
have time.
Now are you go
Now are you goin
have time.
Now are you going
Now are you going to
have time.
Now are you going to h
Now are you going to hel
have time.
Now are you going to help
Now are you going to help me
have time.
Now are you going to help me g
Now are you going to help me get
th
this
Now are you going to help me get
this e
this eng
Now are you going to help me get
this engin
this engine
Now are you going to help me get
this engine ba
this engine back
Now are you going to help me get
this engine back u
this engine back up
Now are you going to help me get
this engine back up or
this engine back up or w
Now are you going to help me get
this engine back up or wha
this engine back up or what?
♪
O
Oka
Okay.
Le
Let'
Okay.
Let's
Let's tr
Okay.
Let's try
Let's try a
Okay.
Let's try a cl
Let's try a clea
Okay.
Let's try a clean
Let's try a clean re
Okay.
Let's try a clean rebo
Let's try a clean reboot
Okay.
Let's try a clean reboot o
Let's try a clean reboot of
th
the
Let's try a clean reboot of
the op
the oper
Let's try a clean reboot of
the operat
the operatin
Let's try a clean reboot of
the operating
the operating sy
Let's try a clean reboot of
the operating syst
the operating system
Let's try a clean reboot of
the operating system.
♪
(Grunting)
(Banging, grunting continues)
W
Wha
What'
What's
What's go
What's goin
What's going
What's going on
What's going on?
I
It'
What's going on?
It's
It's lo
What's going on?
It's lock
It's locked
What's going on?
It's locked.
T
The
It's locked.
They
They us
It's locked.
They used
They used b
It's locked.
They used bre
They used breac
It's locked.
They used breach
They used breach se
It's locked.
They used breach seal
They used breach sealer
It's locked.
They used breach sealer.
W
Wel
They used breach sealer.
Well
Well it
They used breach sealer.
Well it's
Well it's o
They used breach sealer.
Well it's our
Well it's our o
They used breach sealer.
Well it's our onl
Well it's our only
They used breach sealer.
Well it's our only wa
Well it's our only way
They used breach sealer.
Well it's our only way up
or
or d
Well it's our only way up
or dow
or down
Well it's our only way up
or down tr
or down trai
Well it's our only way up
or down train
or down train so
Well it's our only way up
or down train so w
or down train so we
Well it's our only way up
or down train so we ne
or down train so we need
to
to u
or down train so we need
to uns
to unsea
or down train so we need
to unseal
to unseal it
or down train so we need
to unseal it.
N
No,
to unseal it.
No, w
No, we
to unseal it.
No, we ne
No, we need
to unseal it.
No, we need l
No, we need lev
to unseal it.
No, we need lever
No, we need leverag
to unseal it.
No, we need leverage.
A
Alr
No, we need leverage.
Alrig
Alright
No, we need leverage.
Alright,
Alright, le
No, we need leverage.
Alright, let'
Alright, let's
No, we need leverage.
Alright, let's go
Alright, let's go f
No, we need leverage.
Alright, let's go fin
Alright, let's go find
No, we need leverage.
Alright, let's go find so
Alright, let's go find some
No, we need leverage.
Alright, let's go find some.
♪
(Chatter)
(Chain rattling)
O
Oka
Okay,
Okay, g
Okay, goo
Okay, good
Okay, good to
Okay, good to g
Okay, good to go.
(Rattling)
A
And
Andre
Andre:
Andre: Ev
Andre: Ever
Andre: Everyb
Andre: Everybod
Andre: Everybody
Andre: Everybody re
Andre: Everybody read
Andre: Everybody ready?
M
Man
Andre: Everybody ready?
Man:
Man: Ye
Andre: Everybody ready?
Man: Yeah
Man: Yeah.
O
One
Man: Yeah.
One,
One, tw
Man: Yeah.
One, two,
One, two, t
Man: Yeah.
One, two, thr
One, two, three
Man: Yeah.
One, two, three!
Pu
Pull
One, two, three!
Pull!
(All groaning, metal creaking)
(Loud bang)
(Cracking)
♪
E
Eit
Eithe
Either
Either th
Either they
Either they c
Either they cle
Either they clear
Either they cleared
Either they cleared o
Either they cleared out
Either they cleared out o
Either they cleared out or
th
they
Either they cleared out or
they'r
they're
Either they cleared out or
they're pl
they're plan
Either they cleared out or
they're planni
they're planning
Either they cleared out or
they're planning a
they're planning an
Either they cleared out or
they're planning an am
they're planning an ambu
Either they cleared out or
they're planning an ambush
they're planning an ambush.
T
The
they're planning an ambush.
They
They pr
they're planning an ambush.
They prob
They probab
they're planning an ambush.
They probably
They probably d
they're planning an ambush.
They probably dro
They probably dropp
they're planning an ambush.
They probably dropped
They probably dropped b
they're planning an ambush.
They probably dropped bac
They probably dropped back
they're planning an ambush.
They probably dropped back to
gu
guar
They probably dropped back to
guard
guard th
They probably dropped back to
guard the
guard the ro
They probably dropped back to
guard the rock
guard the rocket
They probably dropped back to
guard the rocket.
O
Oka
guard the rocket.
Okay,
Okay, T
guard the rocket.
Okay, Til
Okay, Til,
guard the rocket.
Okay, Til, Ja
Okay, Til, Javi
guard the rocket.
Okay, Til, Javi,
Okay, Til, Javi, Jo
guard the rocket.
Okay, Til, Javi, Josi
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie,
guard the rocket.
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie, l
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie, let
guard the rocket.
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie, let's
go
go g
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie, let's
go get
go get M
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie, let's
go get Mel
go get Melan
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie, let's
go get Melanie
go get Melanie d
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie, let's
go get Melanie dow
go get Melanie down
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie, let's
go get Melanie down tr
go get Melanie down trai
Okay, Til, Javi, Josie, let's
go get Melanie down train.
If
If a
go get Melanie down train.
If any
If anyon
go get Melanie down train.
If anyone
If anyone ca
go get Melanie down train.
If anyone can
If anyone can di
go get Melanie down train.
If anyone can disa
If anyone can disarm
go get Melanie down train.
If anyone can disarm t
If anyone can disarm tha
go get Melanie down train.
If anyone can disarm that
ro
rock
If anyone can disarm that
rocket
rocket,
If anyone can disarm that
rocket, sh
rocket, she
If anyone can disarm that
rocket, she ca
rocket, she can.
Ev
Ever
rocket, she can.
Everyo
Everyone
rocket, she can.
Everyone e
Everyone els
rocket, she can.
Everyone else,
Everyone else, h
rocket, she can.
Everyone else, hea
Everyone else, head
rocket, she can.
Everyone else, head up
Everyone else, head up t
rocket, she can.
Everyone else, head up tra
Everyone else, head up train
rocket, she can.
Everyone else, head up train.
Cl
Clea
Everyone else, head up train.
Clear
Clear a
Everyone else, head up train.
Clear a pa
Clear a path
Everyone else, head up train.
Clear a path t
Clear a path to
Everyone else, head up train.
Clear a path to th
Clear a path to that
Everyone else, head up train.
Clear a path to that r
Clear a path to that roc
Everyone else, head up train.
Clear a path to that rocke
Clear a path to that rocket
Everyone else, head up train.
Clear a path to that rocket ca
Clear a path to that rocket car.
W
Wis
Clear a path to that rocket car.
Wish
Wish us
Clear a path to that rocket car.
Wish us l
Wish us luc
Clear a path to that rocket car.
Wish us luck.
A
And
Wish us luck.
And w
And wha
Wish us luck.
And what
And what ab
Wish us luck.
And what abou
And what about
Wish us luck.
And what about Ru
And what about Ruth
Wish us luck.
And what about Ruth,
And what about Ruth, ar
Wish us luck.
And what about Ruth, are
And what about Ruth, are yo
Wish us luck.
And what about Ruth, are you
go
goin
And what about Ruth, are you
going
going to
And what about Ruth, are you
going to t
going to try
And what about Ruth, are you
going to try a
going to try and
And what about Ruth, are you
going to try and f
going to try and fin
And what about Ruth, are you
going to try and find
going to try and find he
And what about Ruth, are you
going to try and find her?
R
Rut
going to try and find her?
Ruth'
Ruth's
going to try and find her?
Ruth's to
Ruth's toug
going to try and find her?
Ruth's tough,
Ruth's tough, s
going to try and find her?
Ruth's tough, she
Ruth's tough, she c
going to try and find her?
Ruth's tough, she can
Ruth's tough, she can t
going to try and find her?
Ruth's tough, she can tak
Ruth's tough, she can take
ca
care
Ruth's tough, she can take
care o
care of
Ruth's tough, she can take
care of he
care of hers
Ruth's tough, she can take
care of hersel
care of herself.
Ro
Rock
care of herself.
Rocket
Rocket's
care of herself.
Rocket's t
Rocket's the
care of herself.
Rocket's the p
Rocket's the pri
care of herself.
Rocket's the prior
Rocket's the priorit
care of herself.
Rocket's the priority.
Rocket's the priority. H
care of herself.
Rocket's the priority. Hey
Rocket's the priority. Hey.
I
I'm
Rocket's the priority. Hey.
I'm g
I'm goi
Rocket's the priority. Hey.
I'm going
I'm going u
Rocket's the priority. Hey.
I'm going up
I'm going up tr
Rocket's the priority. Hey.
I'm going up trai
I'm going up train
Rocket's the priority. Hey.
I'm going up train to
ke
keep
I'm going up train to
keep o
keep on
I'm going up train to
keep on pu
keep on push
I'm going up train to
keep on pushin
keep on pushing.
Th
That
keep on pushing.
That's
That's w
keep on pushing.
That's whe
That's where
keep on pushing.
That's where t
That's where the
keep on pushing.
That's where the f
That's where the fig
keep on pushing.
That's where the fight
That's where the fight i
keep on pushing.
That's where the fight is.
(People chatting)
A
Alr
Alrig
Alright
Alright..
Alright...
(Dynamic music)
♪
(Music cuts)
(Footsteps)
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door cl
(Door clan
(Door clangi
(Door clanging
(Door clanging)
W
Wha
(Door clanging)
What
What is
(Door clanging)
What is t
What is thi
(Door clanging)
What is this?
No
No,
What is this?
No, I
No, I wa
What is this?
No, I want
No, I want e
What is this?
No, I want eve
No, I want every
What is this?
No, I want everyon
No, I want everyone
What is this?
No, I want everyone ou
No, I want everyone out.
No
No o
No, I want everyone out.
No one
No one e
No, I want everyone out.
No one ent
No one enter
No, I want everyone out.
No one enters
No one enters bu
No, I want everyone out.
No one enters but
No one enters but me
fr
from
No one enters but me
from n
from now
No one enters but me
from now o
from now on.
S
Sol
from now on.
Soldi
Soldier
from now on.
Soldier:
Soldier: Yo
from now on.
Soldier: You
Soldier: You he
from now on.
Soldier: You hear
Soldier: You heard
from now on.
Soldier: You heard th
Soldier: You heard the
from now on.
Soldier: You heard the ma
Soldier: You heard the man!
H
How
Soldier: You heard the man!
How c
How clo
Soldier: You heard the man!
How close
How close i
Soldier: You heard the man!
How close is
How close is La
Soldier: You heard the man!
How close is Layt
How close is Layton
Soldier: You heard the man!
How close is Layton?
N
Not
How close is Layton?
Not c
Not clo
How close is Layton?
Not close
Not close.
Ma
Mayb
Not close.
Maybe
Maybe 45
Not close.
Maybe 45 c
Maybe 45 car
Not close.
Maybe 45 cars
Maybe 45 cars aw
Not close.
Maybe 45 cars away
Maybe 45 cars away?
He
He w
Maybe 45 cars away?
He won
He won't
Maybe 45 cars away?
He won't b
He won't be
Maybe 45 cars away?
He won't be an
He won't be an i
Maybe 45 cars away?
He won't be an iss
He won't be an issue
Maybe 45 cars away?
He won't be an issue.
If
If w
He won't be an issue.
If we
If we ne
He won't be an issue.
If we need
If we need t
He won't be an issue.
If we need to
If we need to we
He won't be an issue.
If we need to we c
If we need to we can
He won't be an issue.
If we need to we can u
If we need to we can use
He won't be an issue.
If we need to we can use t
If we need to we can use the
ho
host
If we need to we can use the
hostag
hostages
If we need to we can use the
hostages t
hostages to
If we need to we can use the
hostages to sl
hostages to slow
If we need to we can use the
hostages to slow L
hostages to slow Lay
If we need to we can use the
hostages to slow Layto
hostages to slow Layton
If we need to we can use the
hostages to slow Layton do
hostages to slow Layton down
If we need to we can use the
hostages to slow Layton down.
N
No,
hostages to slow Layton down.
No, w
No, we'
hostages to slow Layton down.
No, we're
No, we're n
hostages to slow Layton down.
No, we're not
No, we're not u
hostages to slow Layton down.
No, we're not usi
No, we're not using
th
the
No, we're not using
the ch
the chil
No, we're not using
the childr
the children
No, we're not using
the children.
N
Not
the children.
Not t
Not the
the children.
Not them.
Not them...
th
the
Not them...
the le
the lead
Not them...
the leader
the leader o
Not them...
the leader of
the leader of Ne
Not them...
the leader of New
the leader of New Ed
Not them...
the leader of New Eden
the leader of New Eden.
T
Tha
the leader of New Eden.
That
That co
the leader of New Eden.
That coul
That could
the leader of New Eden.
That could be
That could be u
the leader of New Eden.
That could be use
That could be usefu
the leader of New Eden.
That could be useful.
Le
Let'
That could be useful.
Let's
Let's ge
That could be useful.
Let's get
Let's get to
That could be useful.
Let's get to t
Let's get to the
That could be useful.
Let's get to the e
Let's get to the eng
That could be useful.
Let's get to the engin
Let's get to the engine,
I
I do
Let's get to the engine,
I don'
I don't
Let's get to the engine,
I don't wa
I don't want
Let's get to the engine,
I don't want t
I don't want to
Let's get to the engine,
I don't want to mi
I don't want to miss
Let's get to the engine,
I don't want to miss h
I don't want to miss his
Let's get to the engine,
I don't want to miss histo
I don't want to miss history
wh
when
I don't want to miss history
when i
when it
I don't want to miss history
when it ha
when it happ
I don't want to miss history
when it happen
when it happens.
(Door whirring)
♪
S
So
So we
So we h
So we hit
So we hit t
So we hit the
So we hit the b
So we hit the bre
So we hit the break
So we hit the breaks,
ex
exec
So we hit the breaks,
execut
execute
So we hit the breaks,
execute a
execute a ma
So we hit the breaks,
execute a manu
execute a manual
So we hit the breaks,
execute a manual s
execute a manual shu
So we hit the breaks,
execute a manual shutd
execute a manual shutdow
So we hit the breaks,
execute a manual shutdown.
W
We'
execute a manual shutdown.
We're
We're g
execute a manual shutdown.
We're get
We're getti
execute a manual shutdown.
We're getting
We're getting c
execute a manual shutdown.
We're getting clo
We're getting close
to
to t
We're getting close
to the
to the c
We're getting close
to the coa
to the coast
We're getting close
to the coast.
If
If w
to the coast.
If we
If we do
to the coast.
If we do t
If we do tha
to the coast.
If we do that
If we do that we
to the coast.
If we do that we c
If we do that we cou
to the coast.
If we do that we could
If we do that we could s
to the coast.
If we do that we could sen
If we do that we could send
th
the
If we do that we could send
the en
the enti
If we do that we could send
the entire
the entire t
If we do that we could send
the entire tra
the entire train
If we do that we could send
the entire train s
the entire train spi
If we do that we could send
the entire train spinn
the entire train spinnin
If we do that we could send
the entire train spinning.
(Door whirring)
Yo
You
You ma
You made
You made i
You made it.
Y
Yea
You made it.
Yeah,
Yeah, h
You made it.
Yeah, hey
Yeah, hey.
H
Hi,
Yeah, hey.
Hi, J
Hi, Jav
Yeah, hey.
Hi, Javi.
T
The
Hi, Javi.
There
There's
Hi, Javi.
There's n
There's no
Hi, Javi.
There's no on
There's no one
Hi, Javi.
There's no one gu
There's no one guar
Hi, Javi.
There's no one guardi
There's no one guarding
Hi, Javi.
There's no one guarding t
There's no one guarding the
su
sub-
There's no one guarding the
sub-tr
sub-trai
There's no one guarding the
sub-train
sub-train or
There's no one guarding the
sub-train or t
sub-train or the
There's no one guarding the
sub-train or the W
sub-train or the W-d
There's no one guarding the
sub-train or the W-doo
sub-train or the W-doors
There's no one guarding the
sub-train or the W-doors,
wh
what
sub-train or the W-doors,
what's
what's g
sub-train or the W-doors,
what's goi
what's going
sub-train or the W-doors,
what's going o
what's going on?
S
See
what's going on?
See f
See for
what's going on?
See for y
See for you
what's going on?
See for yours
See for yoursel
what's going on?
See for yourself.
♪
T
The
They
They to
They took
They took t
They took the
They took the t
They took the thr
They took the throt
They took the throttl
They took the throttle?
A
A l
They took the throttle?
A lit
A littl
They took the throttle?
A little
A little ov
They took the throttle?
A little over
A little overki
They took the throttle?
A little overkill
if
if y
A little overkill
if you
if you a
A little overkill
if you ask
if you ask m
A little overkill
if you ask me.
S
So
if you ask me.
So Sn
So Snow
if you ask me.
So Snowpi
So Snowpier
if you ask me.
So Snowpierce
So Snowpiercer
if you ask me.
So Snowpiercer ha
So Snowpiercer has
if you ask me.
So Snowpiercer has co
So Snowpiercer has comp
if you ask me.
So Snowpiercer has comple
So Snowpiercer has complete
co
cont
So Snowpiercer has complete
contro
control
So Snowpiercer has complete
control of
control of t
So Snowpiercer has complete
control of the
control of the s
So Snowpiercer has complete
control of the sys
control of the syste
So Snowpiercer has complete
control of the system
control of the system ag
So Snowpiercer has complete
control of the system agai
control of the system again?
A
Ali
control of the system again?
Alice
Alice i
control of the system again?
Alice is
Alice is ju
control of the system again?
Alice is just
Alice is just a
control of the system again?
Alice is just a r
Alice is just a rut
control of the system again?
Alice is just a rutte
Alice is just a rutter.
J
Jav
Alice is just a rutter.
Javi:
Javi: T
Alice is just a rutter.
Javi: The
Javi: They
Alice is just a rutter.
Javi: They to
Javi: They took
Alice is just a rutter.
Javi: They took b
Javi: They took bot
Alice is just a rutter.
Javi: They took both
Javi: They took both un
Alice is just a rutter.
Javi: They took both unit
Javi: They took both units?
♪
A
And
Andre
Andre:
Andre: Yo
Andre: You
Andre: You kn
Andre: You know
Andre: You know h
Andre: You know how
Andre: You know how t
Andre: You know how to
di
disa
Andre: You know how to
disarm
disarm t
Andre: You know how to
disarm tha
disarm that
Andre: You know how to
disarm that ro
disarm that rock
Andre: You know how to
disarm that rocket
disarm that rocket?
I
I'm
disarm that rocket?
I'm f
I'm fam
disarm that rocket?
I'm famil
I'm familia
disarm that rocket?
I'm familiar
I'm familiar wi
disarm that rocket?
I'm familiar with
I'm familiar with t
disarm that rocket?
I'm familiar with the
de
desi
I'm familiar with the
design
designs,
I'm familiar with the
designs, y
designs, yea
I'm familiar with the
designs, yeah.
Th
The
designs, yeah.
The ha
The hard
designs, yeah.
The hard p
The hard par
designs, yeah.
The hard part
The hard part wi
designs, yeah.
The hard part will
The hard part will b
designs, yeah.
The hard part will be
The hard part will be ge
designs, yeah.
The hard part will be gett
The hard part will be gettin
designs, yeah.
The hard part will be getting
my
my h
The hard part will be getting
my han
my hands
The hard part will be getting
my hands o
my hands on
The hard part will be getting
my hands on it
my hands on it.
W
We'
my hands on it.
We've
We've g
my hands on it.
We've got
We've got p
my hands on it.
We've got peo
We've got peopl
my hands on it.
We've got people
We've got people cl
my hands on it.
We've got people clea
We've got people cleari
my hands on it.
We've got people clearing
th
the
We've got people clearing
the wa
the way
We've got people clearing
the way fo
the way for
We've got people clearing
the way for yo
the way for you.
We
We'l
the way for you.
We'll
We'll ge
the way for you.
We'll get
We'll get yo
the way for you.
We'll get you
We'll get you th
the way for you.
We'll get you ther
We'll get you there.
♪
(Train creaks)
W
We
We ha
We had
We had a
We had a ce
We had a cere
We had a ceremo
We had a ceremony
We had a ceremony.
We
We'v
We had a ceremony.
We've
We've sa
We had a ceremony.
We've said
We've said s
We had a ceremony.
We've said som
We've said some
We had a ceremony.
We've said some re
We've said some real
We had a ceremony.
We've said some really
ni
nice
We've said some really
nice t
nice thi
We've said some really
nice thing
nice things.
♪
(Music fades)
S
Sol
Soldi
Soldier
Soldier:
Soldier: We
Soldier: We'v
Soldier: We've
Soldier: We've ju
Soldier: We've just
Soldier: We've just r
Soldier: We've just rea
Soldier: We've just reach
Soldier: We've just reached
th
the
Soldier: We've just reached
the ed
the edge
Soldier: We've just reached
the edge o
the edge of
Soldier: We've just reached
the edge of th
the edge of the
Soldier: We've just reached
the edge of the co
the edge of the cont
Soldier: We've just reached
the edge of the contin
the edge of the continen
Soldier: We've just reached
the edge of the continent,
the edge of the continent, s
Soldier: We've just reached
the edge of the continent, sir
the edge of the continent, sir.
Pr
Prim
the edge of the continent, sir.
Primar
Primary
the edge of the continent, sir.
Primary dr
Primary driv
the edge of the continent, sir.
Primary driver
Primary drivers
the edge of the continent, sir.
Primary drivers ar
Primary drivers are
the edge of the continent, sir.
Primary drivers are lo
Primary drivers are lowe
the edge of the continent, sir.
Primary drivers are loweri
Primary drivers are lowering
the edge of the continent, sir.
Primary drivers are lowering.
♪
T
Tak
Take
Take us
Take us o
Take us out
Take us out t
Take us out to
Take us out to se
Take us out to sea.
♪
(Brakes screeching)
(Screeching continues)
♪
(Music building)
(Banging)
B
Bad
Bad t
Bad tra
Bad track
Bad track?
N
No
Bad track?
No tr
No trac
Bad track?
No track.
♪
J
Jav
Javi:
Javi: R
Javi: Rig
Javi: Right
Javi: Right i
Javi: Right int
Javi: Right into
th
the
the oc
the ocea
the ocean,
the ocean, h
the ocean, how
the ocean, how?
A
App
the ocean, how?
Appar
Apparen
the ocean, how?
Apparentl
Apparently
the ocean, how?
Apparently th
Apparently that
the ocean, how?
Apparently that's
Apparently that's w
the ocean, how?
Apparently that's wha
Apparently that's what
the ocean, how?
Apparently that's what ni
Apparently that's what nine
mo
mont
Apparently that's what nine
months
months o
Apparently that's what nine
months of
months of a
Apparently that's what nine
months of a ro
months of a roll
Apparently that's what nine
months of a rollin
months of a rolling
Apparently that's what nine
months of a rolling pr
months of a rolling pris
Apparently that's what nine
months of a rolling prison
ca
camp
months of a rolling prison
camp g
camp get
months of a rolling prison
camp gets
camp gets yo
months of a rolling prison
camp gets you.
We
We h
camp gets you.
We hav
We have
camp gets you.
We have to
We have to r
camp gets you.
We have to reg
We have to regai
camp gets you.
We have to regain
We have to regain co
camp gets you.
We have to regain cont
We have to regain contro
camp gets you.
We have to regain control.
H
How
We have to regain control.
How l
How lon
We have to regain control.
How long
How long do
We have to regain control.
How long do w
How long do we
We have to regain control.
How long do we go
How long do we got?
I
If
How long do we got?
If we
If we m
How long do we got?
If we mai
If we maint
How long do we got?
If we maintai
If we maintain
How long do we got?
If we maintain th
If we maintain this
sp
spee
If we maintain this
speed
speed ab
If we maintain this
speed abou
speed about.
If we maintain this
speed about...
speed about... t
If we maintain this
speed about... thr
speed about... three
If we maintain this
speed about... three h
speed about... three hou
If we maintain this
speed about... three hours
speed about... three hours.
T
Thr
speed about... three hours.
Three
Three h
speed about... three hours.
Three hou
Three hours
speed about... three hours.
Three hours t
Three hours to
speed about... three hours.
Three hours to fi
Three hours to figh
speed about... three hours.
Three hours to fight
Three hours to fight th
speed about... three hours.
Three hours to fight thro
Three hours to fight throug
speed about... three hours.
Three hours to fight through,
wh
what
Three hours to fight through,
what f
what for
Three hours to fight through,
what forty
what forty-p
Three hours to fight through,
what forty-plu
what forty-plus
Three hours to fight through,
what forty-plus ca
what forty-plus cars
Three hours to fight through,
what forty-plus cars a
what forty-plus cars and
di
disa
what forty-plus cars and
disarm
disarm a
what forty-plus cars and
disarm a r
disarm a roc
what forty-plus cars and
disarm a rocke
disarm a rocket?
Ne
Neve
disarm a rocket?
Never
Never go
disarm a rocket?
Never goin
Never going
disarm a rocket?
Never going to
Never going to h
disarm a rocket?
Never going to hap
Never going to happe
disarm a rocket?
Never going to happen.
I
Is
Never going to happen.
Is th
Is ther
Never going to happen.
Is there
Is there an
Never going to happen.
Is there anyw
Is there anyway
Never going to happen.
Is there anyway w
Is there anyway we
Never going to happen.
Is there anyway we ca
Is there anyway we can
st
stal
Is there anyway we can
stall
stall th
Is there anyway we can
stall them
stall them?
Y
Yea
stall them?
Yeah.
Th
The
Yeah.
The la
The laun
Yeah.
The launch
The launcher
Yeah.
The launcher i
The launcher is
Yeah.
The launcher is in
The launcher is in a
Yeah.
The launcher is in a b
The launcher is in a bri
Yeah.
The launcher is in a brief
The launcher is in a briefca
Yeah.
The launcher is in a briefcase
th
that
The launcher is in a briefcase
that N
that Nim
The launcher is in a briefcase
that Nima
that Nima ca
The launcher is in a briefcase
that Nima can
that Nima can co
The launcher is in a briefcase
that Nima can conn
that Nima can connec
The launcher is in a briefcase
that Nima can connect.
Ei
Eith
that Nima can connect.
Either
Either i
that Nima can connect.
Either in
Either in th
that Nima can connect.
Either in the
Either in the mi
that Nima can connect.
Either in the miss
Either in the missio
that Nima can connect.
Either in the mission
Either in the mission co
that Nima can connect.
Either in the mission cont
Either in the mission contro
that Nima can connect.
Either in the mission control
ca
car
Either in the mission control
car ne
car next
Either in the mission control
car next t
car next to
Either in the mission control
car next to th
car next to the
Either in the mission control
car next to the ro
car next to the rock
Either in the mission control
car next to the rocket
it
itse
car next to the rocket
itself
itself o
car next to the rocket
itself or
itself or by
car next to the rocket
itself or by a
itself or by a h
car next to the rocket
itself or by a har
itself or by a hardl
car next to the rocket
itself or by a hardlin
itself or by a hardline
car next to the rocket
itself or by a hardline fr
itself or by a hardline from
th
the
itself or by a hardline from
the Sn
the Snow
itself or by a hardline from
the Snowpi
the Snowpier
itself or by a hardline from
the Snowpierce
the Snowpiercer
itself or by a hardline from
the Snowpiercer en
the Snowpiercer engi
itself or by a hardline from
the Snowpiercer engine
the Snowpiercer engine.
My
My g
the Snowpiercer engine.
My gue
My guess
the Snowpiercer engine.
My guess i
My guess is
the Snowpiercer engine.
My guess is he
My guess is he'l
the Snowpiercer engine.
My guess is he'll
My guess is he'll wa
the Snowpiercer engine.
My guess is he'll want
My guess is he'll want t
the Snowpiercer engine.
My guess is he'll want to
My guess is he'll want to la
the Snowpiercer engine.
My guess is he'll want to laun
My guess is he'll want to launch
fr
from
My guess is he'll want to launch
from u
from up
My guess is he'll want to launch
from up fr
from up fron
My guess is he'll want to launch
from up front
from up front so
My guess is he'll want to launch
from up front so h
from up front so he
My guess is he'll want to launch
from up front so he ca
from up front so he can
My guess is he'll want to launch
from up front so he can se
from up front so he can see
th
thin
from up front so he can see
things
things p
from up front so he can see
things pla
things play
from up front so he can see
things play ou
things play out.
I
It'
things play out.
It's
It's ev
things play out.
It's even
It's even f
things play out.
It's even far
It's even farth
things play out.
It's even farther
It's even farther a
things play out.
It's even farther awa
It's even farther away.
Y
Yes
It's even farther away.
Yes.
J
Jav
Yes.
Javi:
Javi: W
Yes.
Javi: Wha
Javi: What
Yes.
Javi: What ab
Javi: What abou
Yes.
Javi: What about
Javi: What about th
Yes.
Javi: What about the
el
elec
Javi: What about the
electr
electric
Javi: What about the
electrical
electrical b
Javi: What about the
electrical box
electrical box i
Javi: What about the
electrical box in
electrical box in th
Javi: What about the
electrical box in thir
electrical box in third
Javi: What about the
electrical box in third cl
electrical box in third clas
Javi: What about the
electrical box in third class.
Th
That
electrical box in third class.
That's
That's t
electrical box in third class.
That's the
That's the p
electrical box in third class.
That's the pri
That's the prima
electrical box in third class.
That's the primary
That's the primary j
electrical box in third class.
That's the primary jun
That's the primary junct
electrical box in third class.
That's the primary junctio
That's the primary junction
electrical box in third class.
That's the primary junction bo
That's the primary junction box
be
betw
That's the primary junction box
betwee
between
That's the primary junction box
between th
between the
That's the primary junction box
between the en
between the engi
That's the primary junction box
between the engine
between the engine a
That's the primary junction box
between the engine and
between the engine and t
That's the primary junction box
between the engine and the
between the engine and the b
That's the primary junction box
between the engine and the bac
between the engine and the back
of
of t
between the engine and the back
of thi
of this
between the engine and the back
of this tr
of this trai
between the engine and the back
of this train.
E
Exa
of this train.
Exact
Exactly
of this train.
Exactly,
Exactly, so
of this train.
Exactly, so i
Exactly, so if
of this train.
Exactly, so if we
Exactly, so if we c
of this train.
Exactly, so if we can
Exactly, so if we can s
of this train.
Exactly, so if we can sev
Exactly, so if we can sever
co
comm
Exactly, so if we can sever
comms
comms to
Exactly, so if we can sever
comms to t
comms to the
Exactly, so if we can sever
comms to the e
comms to the eng
Exactly, so if we can sever
comms to the engin
comms to the engine
Exactly, so if we can sever
comms to the engine th
comms to the engine then
Exactly, so if we can sever
comms to the engine then h
comms to the engine then he
ca
can'
comms to the engine then he
can't
can't la
comms to the engine then he
can't laun
can't launch
comms to the engine then he
can't launch f
can't launch fro
comms to the engine then he
can't launch from
can't launch from th
comms to the engine then he
can't launch from ther
can't launch from there.
T
Tha
can't launch from there.
That
That wa
can't launch from there.
That way
That way he
can't launch from there.
That way he h
That way he has
can't launch from there.
That way he has t
That way he has to
co
come
That way he has to
come t
come to
That way he has to
come to us
come to us.
Th
That
come to us.
That s
That sho
come to us.
That shoul
That should
come to us.
That should bu
That should buy
come to us.
That should buy us
That should buy us t
come to us.
That should buy us tim
That should buy us time
come to us.
That should buy us time to
That should buy us time to g
come to us.
That should buy us time to get
yo
you
That should buy us time to get
you in
you in t
That should buy us time to get
you in tha
you in that
That should buy us time to get
you in that ro
you in that rock
That should buy us time to get
you in that rocket
you in that rocket c
That should buy us time to get
you in that rocket car
you in that rocket car.
I
If
you in that rocket car.
If we
If we m
you in that rocket car.
If we mak
If we make
you in that rocket car.
If we make it
If we make it u
you in that rocket car.
If we make it up
If we make it up th
you in that rocket car.
If we make it up ther
If we make it up there.
O
Oh,
If we make it up there.
Oh, w
Oh, we
If we make it up there.
Oh, we go
Oh, we gonn
If we make it up there.
Oh, we gonna
Oh, we gonna ma
If we make it up there.
Oh, we gonna make
Oh, we gonna make i
If we make it up there.
Oh, we gonna make it.
We
We'v
Oh, we gonna make it.
We've
We've go
Oh, we gonna make it.
We've gone
We've gone m
Oh, we gonna make it.
We've gone mor
We've gone more
Oh, we gonna make it.
We've gone more th
We've gone more than
Oh, we gonna make it.
We've gone more than f
We've gone more than for
Oh, we gonna make it.
We've gone more than forty
We've gone more than forty c
Oh, we gonna make it.
We've gone more than forty car
We've gone more than forty cars
be
befo
We've gone more than forty cars
before
before,
We've gone more than forty cars
before, ha
before, have
We've gone more than forty cars
before, haven'
before, haven't
We've gone more than forty cars
before, haven't we
before, haven't we?
M
Mem
before, haven't we?
Memor
Memory
before, haven't we?
Memory se
Memory serv
before, haven't we?
Memory serves
Memory serves y
before, haven't we?
Memory serves you
Memory serves you h
before, haven't we?
Memory serves you hav
Memory serves you have.
Y
Yea
Memory serves you have.
Yeah.
Ti
Till
Yeah.
Tilly,
Tilly, a
Yeah.
Tilly, axe
Tilly, axe u
Yeah.
Tilly, axe up.
Le
Let'
Tilly, axe up.
Let's
Let's ge
Tilly, axe up.
Let's get
Let's get Ja
Tilly, axe up.
Let's get Javi
Let's get Javi t
Tilly, axe up.
Let's get Javi to
Let's get Javi to th
Tilly, axe up.
Let's get Javi to that
Let's get Javi to that p
Tilly, axe up.
Let's get Javi to that pan
Let's get Javi to that panel
Tilly, axe up.
Let's get Javi to that panel.
(Engine din)
You coming?
W
We'
We'll
We'll b
We'll be
We'll be ri
We'll be righ
We'll be right
We'll be right be
We'll be right behi
We'll be right behind
We'll be right behind y
We'll be right behind you
We'll be right behind you.
I
I r
We'll be right behind you.
I rea
I reali
We'll be right behind you.
I realize
I realize g
We'll be right behind you.
I realize gas
I realize gassi
We'll be right behind you.
I realize gassing
I realize gassing y
We'll be right behind you.
I realize gassing you
I realize gassing your
We'll be right behind you.
I realize gassing your to
I realize gassing your town
di
didn
I realize gassing your town
didn't
didn't m
I realize gassing your town
didn't mak
didn't make
I realize gassing your town
didn't make a
didn't make a ve
I realize gassing your town
didn't make a very
didn't make a very g
I realize gassing your town
didn't make a very goo
didn't make a very good
I realize gassing your town
didn't make a very good fi
didn't make a very good firs
I realize gassing your town
didn't make a very good first
im
impr
didn't make a very good first
impres
impressi
didn't make a very good first
impression
impression,
didn't make a very good first
impression, bu
impression, but
didn't make a very good first
impression, but I
impression, but I wa
didn't make a very good first
impression, but I was
impression, but I was ho
didn't make a very good first
impression, but I was hopi
impression, but I was hoping
didn't make a very good first
impression, but I was hoping w
impression, but I was hoping we
co
coul
impression, but I was hoping we
could
could re
impression, but I was hoping we
could reso
could resolv
impression, but I was hoping we
could resolve
could resolve th
impression, but I was hoping we
could resolve this
could resolve this c
impression, but I was hoping we
could resolve this con
could resolve this confl
impression, but I was hoping we
could resolve this conflic
could resolve this conflict
to
toge
could resolve this conflict
togeth
together
could resolve this conflict
together?
W
Wou
together?
Would
Wouldn'
together?
Wouldn't
Wouldn't th
together?
Wouldn't that
Wouldn't that b
together?
Wouldn't that be
Wouldn't that be ni
together?
Wouldn't that be nice
Wouldn't that be nice.
Yo
You
Wouldn't that be nice.
You ca
You can
Wouldn't that be nice.
You can st
You can star
Wouldn't that be nice.
You can start
You can start by
Wouldn't that be nice.
You can start by t
You can start by tel
Wouldn't that be nice.
You can start by telli
You can start by telling
Wouldn't that be nice.
You can start by telling y
You can start by telling you
Wouldn't that be nice.
You can start by telling your
fo
forc
You can start by telling your
forces
forces t
You can start by telling your
forces to
forces to st
You can start by telling your
forces to stan
forces to stand
You can start by telling your
forces to stand do
forces to stand down
You can start by telling your
forces to stand down.
I
I c
forces to stand down.
I can
I can d
forces to stand down.
I can do
I can do be
forces to stand down.
I can do bett
I can do better
forces to stand down.
I can do better t
I can do better tha
forces to stand down.
I can do better than
I can do better than th
forces to stand down.
I can do better than that
I can do better than that,
I'
I'll
I can do better than that,
I'll s
I'll sur
I can do better than that,
I'll surre
I'll surrend
I can do better than that,
I'll surrender
I'll surrender B
I can do better than that,
I'll surrender Big
I'll surrender Big A
I can do better than that,
I'll surrender Big Ali
I'll surrender Big Alice
I can do better than that,
I'll surrender Big Alice,
I'll surrender Big Alice, br
I can do better than that,
I'll surrender Big Alice, brin
I'll surrender Big Alice, bring
it
it t
I'll surrender Big Alice, bring
it to
it to Ne
I'll surrender Big Alice, bring
it to New
it to New Ed
I'll surrender Big Alice, bring
it to New Eden
it to New Eden,
I'll surrender Big Alice, bring
it to New Eden, le
it to New Eden, let
I'll surrender Big Alice, bring
it to New Eden, let yo
it to New Eden, let you
I'll surrender Big Alice, bring
it to New Eden, let you al
it to New Eden, let you all
I'll surrender Big Alice, bring
it to New Eden, let you all li
it to New Eden, let you all live
ou
out
it to New Eden, let you all live
out yo
out your
it to New Eden, let you all live
out your l
out your liv
it to New Eden, let you all live
out your lives
out your lives i
it to New Eden, let you all live
out your lives in
out your lives in pe
it to New Eden, let you all live
out your lives in peac
out your lives in peace
it to New Eden, let you all live
out your lives in peace af
out your lives in peace afte
it to New Eden, let you all live
out your lives in peace after
I'
I've
out your lives in peace after
I've l
I've lau
out your lives in peace after
I've launc
I've launche
out your lives in peace after
I've launched
I've launched th
out your lives in peace after
I've launched the
I've launched the Ge
out your lives in peace after
I've launched the Gemi
I've launched the Gemini
Co
Comp
I've launched the Gemini
Compou
Compound
I've launched the Gemini
Compound.
T
The
Compound.
The c
The che
Compound.
The chemi
The chemica
Compound.
The chemical
The chemical th
Compound.
The chemical that
The chemical that's
Compound.
The chemical that's s
The chemical that's sup
Compound.
The chemical that's suppo
The chemical that's suppose
Compound.
The chemical that's supposed
to
to d
The chemical that's supposed
to des
to destr
The chemical that's supposed
to destroy
to destroy t
The chemical that's supposed
to destroy the
to destroy the e
The chemical that's supposed
to destroy the ear
to destroy the earth
The chemical that's supposed
to destroy the earth?
D
Don
to destroy the earth?
Don't
Don't b
to destroy the earth?
Don't bel
Don't belie
to destroy the earth?
Don't believe
Don't believe e
to destroy the earth?
Don't believe eve
Don't believe every
to destroy the earth?
Don't believe everyth
Don't believe everythin
to destroy the earth?
Don't believe everything
Me
Mela
Don't believe everything
Melani
Melanie
Don't believe everything
Melanie sa
Melanie says
Don't believe everything
Melanie says.
I
I'l
Melanie says.
I'll
I'll ta
Melanie says.
I'll take
I'll take h
Melanie says.
I'll take her
I'll take her w
Melanie says.
I'll take her wor
I'll take her word
Melanie says.
I'll take her word ov
I'll take her word over
yo
your
I'll take her word over
yours.
O
Oh
yours.
Oh re
Oh real
yours.
Oh really
Oh really?
Ha
Has
Oh really?
Has Me
Has Mela
Oh really?
Has Melani
Has Melanie
Oh really?
Has Melanie ne
Has Melanie neve
Oh really?
Has Melanie never
Has Melanie never li
Oh really?
Has Melanie never lied
to
to y
Has Melanie never lied
to you
to you,
Has Melanie never lied
to you, hm
to you, hmm?
Or
Or m
to you, hmm?
Or mad
Or made
to you, hmm?
Or made a
Or made a mi
to you, hmm?
Or made a mist
Or made a mistak
to you, hmm?
Or made a mistake.
Fr
From
Or made a mistake.
From w
From wha
Or made a mistake.
From what
From what Wi
Or made a mistake.
From what Wilf
From what Wilfor
Or made a mistake.
From what Wilford
From what Wilford sa
Or made a mistake.
From what Wilford said
From what Wilford said s
Or made a mistake.
From what Wilford said she
From what Wilford said she's
ma
made
From what Wilford said she's
made q
made qui
From what Wilford said she's
made quite
made quite a
From what Wilford said she's
made quite a f
made quite a few
From what Wilford said she's
made quite a few m
made quite a few mis
From what Wilford said she's
made quite a few mista
made quite a few mistake
From what Wilford said she's
made quite a few mistakes.
W
Wel
made quite a few mistakes.
Well
Well I
made quite a few mistakes.
Well I wo
Well I woul
made quite a few mistakes.
Well I wouldn
Well I wouldn't
made quite a few mistakes.
Well I wouldn't b
Well I wouldn't bel
made quite a few mistakes.
Well I wouldn't belie
Well I wouldn't believe
ev
ever
Well I wouldn't believe
everyt
everythi
Well I wouldn't believe
everything
everything M
Well I wouldn't believe
everything Mr.
everything Mr. W
Well I wouldn't believe
everything Mr. Wil
everything Mr. Wilfo
Well I wouldn't believe
everything Mr. Wilford
everything Mr. Wilford s
Well I wouldn't believe
everything Mr. Wilford say
everything Mr. Wilford says
ei
eith
everything Mr. Wilford says
either
either.
(Engine din)
G
Gem
Gemin
Gemini
Gemini wi
Gemini will
Gemini will n
Gemini will nee
Gemini will need
Gemini will need a
Gemini will need a fe
Gemini will need a few
Gemini will need a few mo
Gemini will need a few mont
Gemini will need a few months
to
to s
Gemini will need a few months
to spr
to sprea
Gemini will need a few months
to spread
to spread be
Gemini will need a few months
to spread befo
to spread before
Gemini will need a few months
to spread before t
to spread before the
Gemini will need a few months
to spread before the p
to spread before the pla
Gemini will need a few months
to spread before the plane
to spread before the planet
be
begi
to spread before the planet
begins
begins t
to spread before the planet
begins to
begins to wa
to spread before the planet
begins to warm
begins to warm.
Bu
But
begins to warm.
But in
But in t
begins to warm.
But in the
But in the m
begins to warm.
But in the mea
But in the meant
begins to warm.
But in the meantim
But in the meantime,
begins to warm.
But in the meantime, t
But in the meantime, the
begins to warm.
But in the meantime, the p
But in the meantime, the peo
begins to warm.
But in the meantime, the peopl
But in the meantime, the people
wi
will
But in the meantime, the people
will n
will nee
But in the meantime, the people
will need
will need so
But in the meantime, the people
will need some
will need someon
But in the meantime, the people
will need someone
will need someone to
But in the meantime, the people
will need someone to r
will need someone to res
But in the meantime, the people
will need someone to resto
will need someone to restore
or
orde
will need someone to restore
order,
order, s
will need someone to restore
order, som
order, someo
will need someone to restore
order, someone
order, someone t
will need someone to restore
order, someone the
order, someone they
will need someone to restore
order, someone they ca
order, someone they can
will need someone to restore
order, someone they can li
order, someone they can list
will need someone to restore
order, someone they can listen
to
to,
order, someone they can listen
to, li
to, like
order, someone they can listen
to, like t
to, like the
order, someone they can listen
to, like the l
to, like the lea
order, someone they can listen
to, like the leade
to, like the leader
order, someone they can listen
to, like the leader of
to, like the leader of N
order, someone they can listen
to, like the leader of New
to, like the leader of New E
order, someone they can listen
to, like the leader of New Ede
to, like the leader of New Eden.
O
Oh,
to, like the leader of New Eden.
Oh, s
Oh, so
to, like the leader of New Eden.
Oh, so yo
Oh, so you
to, like the leader of New Eden.
Oh, so you ne
Oh, so you need
to, like the leader of New Eden.
Oh, so you need a
Oh, so you need a p
to, like the leader of New Eden.
Oh, so you need a pup
Oh, so you need a puppe
to, like the leader of New Eden.
Oh, so you need a puppet.
N
No,
Oh, so you need a puppet.
No, i
No, it'
Oh, so you need a puppet.
No, it's,
No, it's, i
Oh, so you need a puppet.
No, it's, it'
No, it's, it's
Oh, so you need a puppet.
No, it's, it's no
No, it's, it's not.
Oh, so you need a puppet.
No, it's, it's not...
I,
I, I
I, I w
I, I was
I, I wasn'
I, I wasn't
I, I wasn't bu
I, I wasn't buil
I, I wasn't built
I, I wasn't built to
I, I wasn't built to l
I, I wasn't built to lea
I, I wasn't built to lead.
I'
I'm
I'm ju
I'm just
I'm just a
I'm just a c
I'm just a che
I'm just a chemi
I'm just a chemist
I'm just a chemist.
Bu
But
I'm just a chemist.
But yo
But you,
I'm just a chemist.
But you, y
But you, you
I'm just a chemist.
But you, you c
But you, you cou
I'm just a chemist.
But you, you could
But you, you could g
I'm just a chemist.
But you, you could get
But you, you could get o
I'm just a chemist.
But you, you could get on
th
that
But you, you could get on
that P
that PA
But you, you could get on
that PA sy
that PA syst
But you, you could get on
that PA system
that PA system r
But you, you could get on
that PA system rig
that PA system right
But you, you could get on
that PA system right n
that PA system right now
But you, you could get on
that PA system right now,
that PA system right now, ta
But you, you could get on
that PA system right now, take
co
cont
that PA system right now, take
contro
control
that PA system right now, take
control an
control and
that PA system right now, take
control and ca
control and calm
that PA system right now, take
control and calm t
control and calm the
that PA system right now, take
control and calm the m
control and calm the mas
that PA system right now, take
control and calm the masse
control and calm the masses.
Yo
You
control and calm the masses.
You ca
You can
control and calm the masses.
You can en
You can end
control and calm the masses.
You can end th
You can end this
control and calm the masses.
You can end this i
You can end this if
control and calm the masses.
You can end this if yo
You can end this if you
te
tell
You can end this if you
tell t
tell the
You can end this if you
tell them
tell them to
You can end this if you
tell them to j
tell them to jus
You can end this if you
tell them to just
tell them to just st
You can end this if you
tell them to just stop
tell them to just stop.
A
And
tell them to just stop.
And y
And you
tell them to just stop.
And you'l
And you'll
tell them to just stop.
And you'll su
And you'll surr
tell them to just stop.
And you'll surren
And you'll surrende
tell them to just stop.
And you'll surrender
Bi
Big
And you'll surrender
Big Al
Big Alic
And you'll surrender
Big Alice?
Wh
What
Big Alice?
What a
What abo
Big Alice?
What about
What about S
Big Alice?
What about Sno
What about Snowp
Big Alice?
What about Snowpie
What about Snowpierc
Big Alice?
What about Snowpiercer
What about Snowpiercer?
A
All
What about Snowpiercer?
All t
All the
What about Snowpiercer?
All the p
All the pas
What about Snowpiercer?
All the passe
All the passeng
What about Snowpiercer?
All the passenger
All the passengers
What about Snowpiercer?
All the passengers wi
All the passengers will
go
go b
All the passengers will
go bac
go back
All the passengers will
go back wi
go back with
All the passengers will
go back with y
go back with you
All the passengers will
go back with you,
go back with you, of
All the passengers will
go back with you, of c
go back with you, of cou
All the passengers will
go back with you, of cours
go back with you, of course.
W
Wit
go back with you, of course.
With
With th
go back with you, of course.
With the
With the En
go back with you, of course.
With the Engi
With the Engine
go back with you, of course.
With the Engine?
W
Wel
With the Engine?
Well,
Well, a
With the Engine?
Well, act
Well, actua
With the Engine?
Well, actuall
Well, actually,
I'
I'd
Well, actually,
I'd li
I'd like
Well, actually,
I'd like t
I'd like to
Well, actually,
I'd like to ke
I'd like to keep
Well, actually,
I'd like to keep t
I'd like to keep the
Well, actually,
I'd like to keep the E
I'd like to keep the Eng
Well, actually,
I'd like to keep the Engin
I'd like to keep the Engine.
Ma
Mayb
I'd like to keep the Engine.
Maybe
Maybe so
I'd like to keep the Engine.
Maybe some
Maybe some s
I'd like to keep the Engine.
Maybe some sup
Maybe some suppo
I'd like to keep the Engine.
Maybe some support
Maybe some support c
I'd like to keep the Engine.
Maybe some support car
Maybe some support cars,
do
do s
Maybe some support cars,
do som
do some
Maybe some support cars,
do some fu
do some furt
Maybe some support cars,
do some furthe
do some further
Maybe some support cars,
do some further te
do some further test
Maybe some support cars,
do some further testin
do some further testing.
I
I n
I nee
I need
I need a
I need a se
I need a seco
I need a second
to
to t
I need a second
to thi
to think
I need a second
to think a
to think abo
I need a second
to think about
to think about i
I need a second
to think about it.
W
Wel
to think about it.
Well,
Well, t
to think about it.
Well, thi
Well, think
to think about it.
Well, think q
Well, think qui
to think about it.
Well, think quick
Well, think quickly
to think about it.
Well, think quickly,
Well, think quickly, pl
to think about it.
Well, think quickly, plea
Well, think quickly, please
to think about it.
Well, think quickly, please,
be
beca
Well, think quickly, please,
becaus
because
Well, think quickly, please,
because pe
because peop
Well, think quickly, please,
because people
because people a
Well, think quickly, please,
because people are
because people are d
Well, think quickly, please,
because people are dyi
because people are dying
Well, think quickly, please,
because people are dying.
Ok
Okay
because people are dying.
Okay.
(People clamouring)
(P
(Pun
(Punch
(Punches
(Punches a
(Punches and
(Punches and g
(Punches and gru
(Punches and grunt
(Punches and grunts)
O
Oka
(Punches and grunts)
Okay,
Okay, h
(Punches and grunts)
Okay, hey
Okay, hey.
He
Hey,
Okay, hey.
Hey, h
Hey, hey
Okay, hey.
Hey, hey,
Hey, hey, he
Okay, hey.
Hey, hey, hey,
Hey, hey, hey, h
Okay, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
Okay, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, he
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Al
All
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
All ri
All righ
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
All right,
All right, I
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
All right, I t
All right, I thi
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
All right, I think
All right, I think h
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
All right, I think he
All right, I think he go
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
All right, I think he got
All right, I think he got it
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
All right, I think he got it.
Ar
Are
All right, I think he got it.
Are yo
Are you
All right, I think he got it.
Are you ok
Are you okay
All right, I think he got it.
Are you okay?
Y
Yea
Are you okay?
Yeah.
We
We f
Yeah.
We fou
We found
Yeah.
We found a
We found a s
Yeah.
We found a str
We found a strag
Yeah.
We found a straggl
We found a straggler
se
sett
We found a straggler
settin
setting
We found a straggler
setting up
setting up g
We found a straggler
setting up gas
setting up gas c
We found a straggler
setting up gas can
setting up gas canis
We found a straggler
setting up gas caniste
setting up gas canisters
We found a straggler
setting up gas canisters.
Th
Ther
setting up gas canisters.
There
There ar
setting up gas canisters.
There are
There are mo
setting up gas canisters.
There are more
There are more c
setting up gas canisters.
There are more car
There are more cars
ri
rigg
There are more cars
rigged
rigged u
There are more cars
rigged up
rigged up ah
There are more cars
rigged up ahea
rigged up ahead.
N
Now
rigged up ahead.
Now t
Now tha
rigged up ahead.
Now that'
Now that's
rigged up ahead.
Now that's kn
Now that's knoc
rigged up ahead.
Now that's knocko
Now that's knockout
rigged up ahead.
Now that's knockout g
Now that's knockout gas
rigged up ahead.
Now that's knockout gas.
Th
They
Now that's knockout gas.
They p
They pro
Now that's knockout gas.
They proba
They probabl
Now that's knockout gas.
They probably
They probably go
Now that's knockout gas.
They probably got
They probably got it
th
thro
They probably got it
throug
througho
They probably got it
throughout
throughout t
They probably got it
throughout the
throughout the s
They probably got it
throughout the sub
throughout the subtr
They probably got it
throughout the subtrai
throughout the subtrain
to
to g
throughout the subtrain
to gas
to gas t
throughout the subtrain
to gas the
to gas the c
throughout the subtrain
to gas the car
to gas the cars
throughout the subtrain
to gas the cars ab
to gas the cars abov
throughout the subtrain
to gas the cars above.
W
Wel
Well,
Well, I
Well, I m
Well, I mea
Well, I mean,
Well, I mean, w
Well, I mean, we
Well, I mean, we ca
Well, I mean, we can'
Well, I mean, we can't
mo
move
Well, I mean, we can't
move u
move up
Well, I mean, we can't
move up to
move up top
Well, I mean, we can't
move up top un
move up top unle
Well, I mean, we can't
move up top unless
we
we d
move up top unless
we dis
we disco
move up top unless
we disconn
we disconnec
move up top unless
we disconnect
we disconnect th
move up top unless
we disconnect them
we disconnect them a
move up top unless
we disconnect them all
we disconnect them all.
W
We
we disconnect them all.
We fo
We foun
we disconnect them all.
We found
We found si
we disconnect them all.
We found sign
We found signs
we disconnect them all.
We found signs of
We found signs of l
we disconnect them all.
We found signs of lif
We found signs of life
ab
abou
We found signs of life
about
about 35
We found signs of life
about 35 c
about 35 car
We found signs of life
about 35 cars
about 35 cars up
We found signs of life
about 35 cars up.
M
Mor
about 35 cars up.
More
More so
about 35 cars up.
More sold
More soldie
about 35 cars up.
More soldiers
More soldiers w
about 35 cars up.
More soldiers wai
More soldiers waiti
about 35 cars up.
More soldiers waiting
More soldiers waiting f
about 35 cars up.
More soldiers waiting for
More soldiers waiting for u
about 35 cars up.
More soldiers waiting for us.
J
Jos
More soldiers waiting for us.
Josie
Josie:
More soldiers waiting for us.
Josie: Le
Josie: Let'
More soldiers waiting for us.
Josie: Let's
Josie: Let's no
More soldiers waiting for us.
Josie: Let's not
di
disa
Josie: Let's not
disapp
disappoi
Josie: Let's not
disappoint
disappoint t
Josie: Let's not
disappoint the
disappoint them.
N
No.
Wh
What
No.
What i
What if
No.
What if th
What if they
No.
What if they s
What if they set
No.
What if they set o
What if they set off
th
the
What if they set off
the ga
the gas
What if they set off
the gas do
the gas down
What if they set off
the gas down h
the gas down her
What if they set off
the gas down here?
Th
They
the gas down here?
They c
They cou
the gas down here?
They could
They could j
the gas down here?
They could jus
They could just
the gas down here?
They could just dr
They could just drop
the gas down here?
They could just drop t
They could just drop the
the gas down here?
They could just drop the b
They could just drop the bay
do
door
They could just drop the bay
doors
doors an
They could just drop the bay
doors and
doors and kn
They could just drop the bay
doors and knoc
doors and knock
They could just drop the bay
doors and knock us
doors and knock us a
They could just drop the bay
doors and knock us all
doors and knock us all o
They could just drop the bay
doors and knock us all out
be
befo
doors and knock us all out
before
before w
doors and knock us all out
before we
before we ev
doors and knock us all out
before we even
before we even g
doors and knock us all out
before we even get
before we even get t
doors and knock us all out
before we even get the
before we even get there
doors and knock us all out
before we even get there.
A
Act
before we even get there.
Actua
Actuall
before we even get there.
Actually,
Actually, t
before we even get there.
Actually, tha
Actually, that'
before we even get there.
Actually, that's
no
not
Actually, that's
not a
not a ba
Actually, that's
not a bad
not a bad id
Actually, that's
not a bad idea
not a bad idea.
I
I'm
I'm s
I'm sor
I'm sorry
I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I do
I'm sorry, I don'
I'm sorry, I don't
I'm sorry, I don't ha
I'm sorry, I don't have
I'm sorry, I don't have t
I'm sorry, I don't have tim
I'm sorry, I don't have time
fo
for
I'm sorry, I don't have time
for di
for dist
I'm sorry, I don't have time
for distra
for distract
I'm sorry, I don't have time
for distractio
for distractions
I'm sorry, I don't have time
for distractions,
for distractions, Do
I'm sorry, I don't have time
for distractions, Doct
for distractions, Doctor
I'm sorry, I don't have time
for distractions, Doctor.
La
Layt
for distractions, Doctor.
Layton
Layton's
for distractions, Doctor.
Layton's p
Layton's peo
for distractions, Doctor.
Layton's peopl
Layton's people
for distractions, Doctor.
Layton's people ha
Layton's people have
for distractions, Doctor.
Layton's people have m
Layton's people have mad
for distractions, Doctor.
Layton's people have made
Layton's people have made it
in
into
Layton's people have made it
into t
into the
Layton's people have made it
into the s
into the sub
Layton's people have made it
into the subtr
into the subtrai
Layton's people have made it
into the subtrain,
into the subtrain, a
Layton's people have made it
into the subtrain, and
into the subtrain, and w
Layton's people have made it
into the subtrain, and we'
into the subtrain, and we're
ap
appr
into the subtrain, and we're
approa
approach
into the subtrain, and we're
approachin
approaching
into the subtrain, and we're
approaching th
approaching the
into the subtrain, and we're
approaching the la
approaching the laun
into the subtrain, and we're
approaching the launch
approaching the launch p
into the subtrain, and we're
approaching the launch poi
approaching the launch point
into the subtrain, and we're
approaching the launch point.
T
Tha
approaching the launch point.
That'
That's
approaching the launch point.
That's pr
That's prec
approaching the launch point.
That's precis
That's precisel
approaching the launch point.
That's precisely
That's precisely wh
approaching the launch point.
That's precisely why
I
I as
That's precisely why
I aske
I asked
That's precisely why
I asked to
I asked to s
That's precisely why
I asked to see
I asked to see y
That's precisely why
I asked to see you
I asked to see you,
That's precisely why
I asked to see you, Do
I asked to see you, Doct
That's precisely why
I asked to see you, Doctor
I asked to see you, Doctor.
I
I ha
I asked to see you, Doctor.
I have
I have s
I asked to see you, Doctor.
I have som
I have somet
I asked to see you, Doctor.
I have somethi
I have something
I asked to see you, Doctor.
I have something I
I have something I b
I asked to see you, Doctor.
I have something I bel
I have something I belie
I asked to see you, Doctor.
I have something I believe
wo
woul
I have something I believe
would
would be
I have something I believe
would be o
would be of
I have something I believe
would be of as
would be of assi
I have something I believe
would be of assist
would be of assistan
I have something I believe
would be of assistance
would be of assistance.
I
I d
I don
I don't
I don't u
I don't und
I don't under
I don't underst
I don't understan
I don't understand.
Ho
How?
(
(Dr
How?
(Dr.
(Dr. He
How?
(Dr. Head
(Dr. Headwo
How?
(Dr. Headwood
(Dr. Headwood c
How?
(Dr. Headwood chu
(Dr. Headwood chuck
How?
(Dr. Headwood chuckle
(Dr. Headwood chuckles)
Th
That
(Dr. Headwood chuckles)
That's
That's t
(Dr. Headwood chuckles)
That's the
That's the b
(Dr. Headwood chuckles)
That's the bea
That's the beaut
(Dr. Headwood chuckles)
That's the beauty
of
of s
That's the beauty
of sci
of scien
That's the beauty
of science
of science,
That's the beauty
of science, Do
of science, Doct
That's the beauty
of science, Doctor
of science, Doctor.
(B
(Bee
(Beepi
(Beeping
(Beeping)
S
Syk
(Beeping)
Sykes
Sykes?
A
Ah!
R
Rut
Ah!
Ruth!
Y
Yaa
Ruth!
Yaah!
(
(Gr
Yaah!
(Grun
(Grunti
Yaah!
(Grunting
(Grunting)
W
Wel
(Grunting)
Welco
Welcome
(Grunting)
Welcome t
Welcome to
(Grunting)
Welcome to th
Welcome to the
(Grunting)
Welcome to the ja
Welcome to the jail
(Grunting)
Welcome to the jailbr
Welcome to the jailbrea
(Grunting)
Welcome to the jailbreak.
Wh
What
Welcome to the jailbreak.
What a
What are
Welcome to the jailbreak.
What are y
What are you
Welcome to the jailbreak.
What are you d
What are you doi
Welcome to the jailbreak.
What are you doing
What are you doing u
Welcome to the jailbreak.
What are you doing up
What are you doing up he
Welcome to the jailbreak.
What are you doing up here
What are you doing up here?
W
Wel
What are you doing up here?
Well,
Well, n
What are you doing up here?
Well, now
Well, now I
What are you doing up here?
Well, now I'm
Well, now I'm l
What are you doing up here?
Well, now I'm loo
Well, now I'm looki
What are you doing up here?
Well, now I'm looking
fo
for
Well, now I'm looking
for a
for a fi
Well, now I'm looking
for a figh
for a fight.
Y
You
for a fight.
You'v
You've
for a fight.
You've co
You've come
to
to t
You've come
to the
to the r
You've come
to the rig
to the right
You've come
to the right p
to the right pla
You've come
to the right place
to the right place.
A
Ale
Alex,
Alex, w
Alex, we'
Alex, we're
Alex, we're o
Alex, we're out
Alex, we're out o
Alex, we're out of
Alex, we're out of ti
Alex, we're out of time
Alex, we're out of time.
I
If
Alex, we're out of time.
If I
If I ca
Alex, we're out of time.
If I can
If I can ju
Alex, we're out of time.
If I can just
If I can just r
Alex, we're out of time.
If I can just rec
If I can just recon
Alex, we're out of time.
If I can just reconfi
If I can just reconfigu
Alex, we're out of time.
If I can just reconfigure
th
the
If I can just reconfigure
the wi
the wiri
If I can just reconfigure
the wiring
the wiring o
If I can just reconfigure
the wiring on
the wiring on th
If I can just reconfigure
the wiring on the
th
thro
the wiring on the
thrott
throttle
the wiring on the
throttle c
throttle con
the wiring on the
throttle contr
throttle control
the wiring on the
throttle controls-
throttle controls--
A
Ale
throttle controls--
Alex-
Alex--
I
If
Alex--
If th
If this
Alex--
If this w
If this was
Alex--
If this was t
If this was the
Alex--
If this was the S
If this was the Sno
Alex--
If this was the Snowp
If this was the Snowpie
Alex--
If this was the Snowpierc
If this was the Snowpiercer
En
Engi
If this was the Snowpiercer
Engine
Engine,
If this was the Snowpiercer
Engine, an
Engine, and
If this was the Snowpiercer
Engine, and it
Engine, and it w
If this was the Snowpiercer
Engine, and it was
Engine, and it was y
If this was the Snowpiercer
Engine, and it was you
Engine, and it was your
If this was the Snowpiercer
Engine, and it was your tu
Engine, and it was your turf
in
inst
Engine, and it was your turf
instea
instead
Engine, and it was your turf
instead of
instead of W
Engine, and it was your turf
instead of Wil
instead of Wilfo
Engine, and it was your turf
instead of Wilford
instead of Wilford's
Engine, and it was your turf
instead of Wilford's,
instead of Wilford's, wo
Engine, and it was your turf
instead of Wilford's, woul
instead of Wilford's, would
yo
you
instead of Wilford's, would
you re
you real
instead of Wilford's, would
you really
you really g
instead of Wilford's, would
you really giv
you really give
instead of Wilford's, would
you really give up
you really give up t
instead of Wilford's, would
you really give up tha
you really give up that
instead of Wilford's, would
you really give up that ea
you really give up that easi
instead of Wilford's, would
you really give up that easily
you really give up that easily?
I
It'
you really give up that easily?
It's
It's ju
you really give up that easily?
It's just
It's just t
you really give up that easily?
It's just too
It's just too m
you really give up that easily?
It's just too muc
It's just too much
to
to f
It's just too much
to fix
to fix r
It's just too much
to fix rig
to fix right
It's just too much
to fix right n
to fix right now
It's just too much
to fix right now.
Li
List
to fix right now.
Listen
Listen t
to fix right now.
Listen to
Listen to me
to fix right now.
Listen to me.
It
It w
Listen to me.
It was
It was c
Listen to me.
It was con
It was confu
Listen to me.
It was confusi
It was confusing
wi
with
It was confusing
with h
with him
It was confusing
with him,
with him, I
It was confusing
with him, I kn
with him, I know
It was confusing
with him, I know.
He
He w
with him, I know.
He was
He was b
with him, I know.
He was bri
He was brill
with him, I know.
He was brillia
He was brilliant
with him, I know.
He was brilliant a
He was brilliant and
ch
char
He was brilliant and
charis
charisma
He was brilliant and
charismati
charismatic,
He was brilliant and
charismatic, a
charismatic, and
he
he w
charismatic, and
he was
he was a
charismatic, and
he was als
he was also
charismatic, and
he was also cr
he was also crue
charismatic, and
he was also cruel.
Pa
Part
he was also cruel.
Parts
Parts of
he was also cruel.
Parts of m
Parts of me
he was also cruel.
Parts of me ha
Parts of me hate
he was also cruel.
Parts of me hated
Parts of me hated hi
he was also cruel.
Parts of me hated him.
An
And
Parts of me hated him.
And th
And then
Parts of me hated him.
And then h
And then he
Parts of me hated him.
And then he sa
And then he save
Parts of me hated him.
And then he saved
And then he saved yo
Parts of me hated him.
And then he saved you,
so
so p
And then he saved you,
so par
so parts
And then he saved you,
so parts o
so parts of
And then he saved you,
so parts of me
so parts of me c
And then he saved you,
so parts of me cou
so parts of me could
And then he saved you,
so parts of me couldn'
so parts of me couldn't.
W
Wel
so parts of me couldn't.
Well,
Well, I
so parts of me couldn't.
Well, I'm
Well, I'm g
so parts of me couldn't.
Well, I'm gla
Well, I'm glad
so parts of me couldn't.
Well, I'm glad th
Well, I'm glad that
so parts of me couldn't.
Well, I'm glad that y
Well, I'm glad that you
go
got
Well, I'm glad that you
got th
got that
Well, I'm glad that you
got that o
got that off
Well, I'm glad that you
got that off o
got that off of
Well, I'm glad that you
got that off of yo
got that off of your
Well, I'm glad that you
got that off of your c
got that off of your che
Well, I'm glad that you
got that off of your chest
got that off of your chest.
No
Now
got that off of your chest.
Now we
Now we s
got that off of your chest.
Now we sho
Now we shoul
got that off of your chest.
Now we should
Now we should pr
got that off of your chest.
Now we should prob
Now we should probab
got that off of your chest.
Now we should probably
ge
get
Now we should probably
get ba
get back
Now we should probably
get back t
get back to
Now we should probably
get back to wo
get back to work
Now we should probably
get back to work.
Ot
Othe
get back to work.
Otherw
Otherwis
get back to work.
Otherwise,
Otherwise, y
get back to work.
Otherwise, you
Otherwise, you s
get back to work.
Otherwise, you sho
Otherwise, you shoul
get back to work.
Otherwise, you should
Otherwise, you should ma
get back to work.
Otherwise, you should mayb
Otherwise, you should maybe
le
leav
Otherwise, you should maybe
leave
leave be
Otherwise, you should maybe
leave beca
leave becaus
Otherwise, you should maybe
leave because
leave because th
Otherwise, you should maybe
leave because that
leave because that R
Otherwise, you should maybe
leave because that Roc
leave because that Rocke
Otherwise, you should maybe
leave because that Rocket
is
is n
leave because that Rocket
is not
is not g
leave because that Rocket
is not goi
is not going
leave because that Rocket
is not going t
is not going to
leave because that Rocket
is not going to di
is not going to disa
leave because that Rocket
is not going to disarm
is not going to disarm i
leave because that Rocket
is not going to disarm its
is not going to disarm itsel
leave because that Rocket
is not going to disarm itself.
W
Wel
is not going to disarm itself.
Well,
Well, c
is not going to disarm itself.
Well, com
Well, come
is not going to disarm itself.
Well, come wi
Well, come with
is not going to disarm itself.
Well, come with m
Well, come with me.
D
Do
Well, come with me.
Do yo
Do you
Well, come with me.
Do you ha
Do you have
Well, come with me.
Do you have a
Do you have any
Well, come with me.
Do you have any i
Do you have any ide
Well, come with me.
Do you have any idea
Do you have any idea wh
Well, come with me.
Do you have any idea what
th
this
Do you have any idea what
this E
this Eng
Do you have any idea what
this Engin
this Engine
Do you have any idea what
this Engine me
this Engine mean
Do you have any idea what
this Engine means
this Engine means to
Do you have any idea what
this Engine means to m
this Engine means to me?
I
I tu
I turn
I turned
I turned t
I turned thi
I turned this
I turned this in
I turned this into
a
a li
I turned this into
a life
a life-s
I turned this into
a life-sou
a life-sourc
I turned this into
a life-source
a life-source fo
I turned this into
a life-source for
a life-source for Ne
I turned this into
a life-source for New
a life-source for New Ed
I turned this into
a life-source for New Eden
a life-source for New Eden.
I'
I've
a life-source for New Eden.
I've s
I've spe
a life-source for New Eden.
I've spent
I've spent y
a life-source for New Eden.
I've spent yea
I've spent years
a life-source for New Eden.
I've spent years o
I've spent years of
a life-source for New Eden.
I've spent years of my
I've spent years of my l
a life-source for New Eden.
I've spent years of my lif
I've spent years of my life
he
here
I've spent years of my life
here,
here, wa
I've spent years of my life
here, was
here, was pr
I've spent years of my life
here, was prac
here, was practi
I've spent years of my life
here, was practica
here, was practicall
I've spent years of my life
here, was practically
ra
rais
here, was practically
raised
raised h
here, was practically
raised her
raised here.
I
I k
raised here.
I kno
I know.
N
No,
I know.
No, y
No, you
I know.
No, you d
No, you don
I know.
No, you don't
No, you don't,
so
so m
No, you don't,
so may
so maybe
No, you don't,
so maybe y
so maybe you
No, you don't,
so maybe you s
so maybe you sho
No, you don't,
so maybe you shoul
so maybe you should
No, you don't,
so maybe you should go
so maybe you should go.
N
Not
so maybe you should go.
Not w
Not wit
so maybe you should go.
Not witho
Not without
so maybe you should go.
Not without y
Not without you
so maybe you should go.
Not without you.
D
Did
Did y
Did you
Did you k
Did you kno
Did you know
Did you know wh
Did you know when
we
we w
Did you know when
we wal
we walke
Did you know when
we walked
we walked in
Did you know when
we walked in h
we walked in her
Did you know when
we walked in here
we walked in here th
Did you know when
we walked in here that
th
ther
we walked in here that
there
there wa
we walked in here that
there was
there was no
we walked in here that
there was no s
there was no sav
we walked in here that
there was no savin
there was no saving
we walked in here that
there was no saving he
there was no saving her?
I
It
there was no saving her?
It lo
It look
there was no saving her?
It looked
It looked t
there was no saving her?
It looked tha
It looked that
there was no saving her?
It looked that wa
It looked that way
there was no saving her?
It looked that way to
It looked that way to m
there was no saving her?
It looked that way to me.
S
So
So wh
So why
So why di
So why did
So why did yo
So why did you
So why did you st
So why did you stay
So why did you stay?
B
Bec
So why did you stay?
Becau
Because
So why did you stay?
Because y
Because you
So why did you stay?
Because you a
Because you are
So why did you stay?
Because you are s
Because you are so
So why did you stay?
Because you are so da
Because you are so damn
sm
smar
Because you are so damn
smart,
smart, m
Because you are so damn
smart, may
smart, maybe
Because you are so damn
smart, maybe y
smart, maybe you
Because you are so damn
smart, maybe you c
smart, maybe you cou
Because you are so damn
smart, maybe you could
smart, maybe you could s
Because you are so damn
smart, maybe you could see
so
some
smart, maybe you could see
someth
somethin
smart, maybe you could see
something
something th
smart, maybe you could see
something that
something that I
smart, maybe you could see
something that I c
something that I cou
smart, maybe you could see
something that I could
something that I couldn'
smart, maybe you could see
something that I couldn't.
An
And
something that I couldn't.
And al
And also
something that I couldn't.
And also,
And also, al
something that I couldn't.
And also, all
And also, all I
something that I couldn't.
And also, all I ev
And also, all I ever
something that I couldn't.
And also, all I ever d
And also, all I ever did
wa
was
And also, all I ever did
was le
was leav
And also, all I ever did
was leave.
I'
I'm
was leave.
I'm ju
I'm just
was leave.
I'm just n
I'm just not
was leave.
I'm just not g
I'm just not gon
was leave.
I'm just not gonna
do
do i
I'm just not gonna
do it
do it an
I'm just not gonna
do it anym
do it anymor
I'm just not gonna
do it anymore.
S
So
So yo
So you
So you we
So you were
So you were w
So you were wil
So you were willi
So you were willing
So you were willing t
So you were willing to
So you were willing to wa
So you were willing to watc
So you were willing to watch
me
me t
So you were willing to watch
me toi
me toil
So you were willing to watch
me toil ov
me toil over
So you were willing to watch
me toil over B
me toil over Big
So you were willing to watch
me toil over Big A
me toil over Big Ali
So you were willing to watch
me toil over Big Alice
me toil over Big Alice,
So you were willing to watch
me toil over Big Alice, kn
me toil over Big Alice, know
So you were willing to watch
me toil over Big Alice, knowin
me toil over Big Alice, knowing
th
that
me toil over Big Alice, knowing
that i
that it
me toil over Big Alice, knowing
that it co
that it coul
me toil over Big Alice, knowing
that it could
that it could co
me toil over Big Alice, knowing
that it could cost
that it could cost t
me toil over Big Alice, knowing
that it could cost the
that it could cost the w
me toil over Big Alice, knowing
that it could cost the wor
that it could cost the world
me toil over Big Alice, knowing
that it could cost the world?
N
No.
'C
'Cau
No.
'Cause
'Cause y
No.
'Cause you
'Cause you w
No.
'Cause you wou
'Cause you would
No.
'Cause you wouldn'
'Cause you wouldn't
le
let
'Cause you wouldn't
let th
let that
'Cause you wouldn't
let that h
let that hap
'Cause you wouldn't
let that happe
let that happen.
W
We
We sh
We shou
We should
We should g
We should go.
♪
M
May
Maybe
Maybe y
Maybe you
Maybe you s
Maybe you sho
Maybe you shoul
Maybe you should
st
stic
Maybe you should
stick
stick wi
Maybe you should
stick with
stick with m
Maybe you should
stick with me.
W
Why
stick with me.
Why?
L
Loo
Why?
Look,
Look, I
Why?
Look, I d
Look, I don
Why?
Look, I don't
Look, I don't l
Why?
Look, I don't lik
Look, I don't like
wh
wher
Look, I don't like
where
where yo
Look, I don't like
where your
where your h
Look, I don't like
where your hea
where your head'
Look, I don't like
where your head's
where your head's at
Look, I don't like
where your head's at.
Yo
You
where your head's at.
You ha
You have
where your head's at.
You haven'
You haven't
where your head's at.
You haven't be
You haven't been
th
the
You haven't been
the sa
the same
You haven't been
the same s
the same sin
You haven't been
the same since
the same since t
You haven't been
the same since the
the same since the S
You haven't been
the same since the Sil
the same since the Silo.
T
Tha
the same since the Silo.
That
That is
the same since the Silo.
That is b
That is bri
the same since the Silo.
That is brill
That is brillia
the same since the Silo.
That is brilliant
de
dedu
That is brilliant
deduct
deductio
That is brilliant
deduction,
deduction, D
That is brilliant
deduction, Det
deduction, Detec
That is brilliant
deduction, Detecti
deduction, Detective
That is brilliant
deduction, Detective.
H
Hey
deduction, Detective.
Hey,
Hey, I'
deduction, Detective.
Hey, I'm
Hey, I'm so
deduction, Detective.
Hey, I'm sorr
Hey, I'm sorry,
deduction, Detective.
Hey, I'm sorry, o
Hey, I'm sorry, oka
deduction, Detective.
Hey, I'm sorry, okay?
I'
I'm
Hey, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm so
I'm sorr
Hey, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry
I'm sorry fo
Hey, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry for
I'm sorry for wh
Hey, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry for what
I'm sorry for what h
Hey, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry for what hap
I'm sorry for what happe
Hey, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry for what happene
I'm sorry for what happened.
I'
I'm
I'm sorry for what happened.
I'm so
I'm sorr
I'm sorry for what happened.
I'm sorry
I'm sorry th
I'm sorry for what happened.
I'm sorry that
I'm sorry that I
I'm sorry for what happened.
I'm sorry that I w
I'm sorry that I was
I'm sorry for what happened.
I'm sorry that I wasn'
I'm sorry that I wasn't
th
ther
I'm sorry that I wasn't
there
there fo
I'm sorry that I wasn't
there for
there for yo
I'm sorry that I wasn't
there for you-
there for you--
L
Lay
there for you--
Layto
Layton,
there for you--
Layton, j
Layton, jus
there for you--
Layton, just
Layton, just st
there for you--
Layton, just stop
Layton, just stop.
No
None
Layton, just stop.
None o
None of
Layton, just stop.
None of th
None of this
Layton, just stop.
None of this i
None of this is
Layton, just stop.
None of this is yo
None of this is your
re
resp
None of this is your
respon
responsi
None of this is your
responsibi
responsibili
None of this is your
responsibility
responsibility,
None of this is your
responsibility, ok
responsibility, okay
None of this is your
responsibility, okay?
H
Hea
responsibility, okay?
Headw
Headwoo
responsibility, okay?
Headwood
Headwood is
responsibility, okay?
Headwood is n
Headwood is not
th
the
Headwood is not
the ob
the obje
Headwood is not
the object
the objectiv
Headwood is not
the objective.
I
I k
the objective.
I kno
I know.
Ju
Just
I know.
Just o
Just one
I know.
Just one t
Just one tra
I know.
Just one train
Just one train,
I know.
Just one train, ri
Just one train, righ
I know.
Just one train, right?
O
Onc
Once
Once Ja
Once Javi
Once Javi t
Once Javi tak
Once Javi takes
Once Javi takes c
Once Javi takes car
Once Javi takes care
of
of t
Once Javi takes care
of the
of the p
Once Javi takes care
of the pan
of the panel
Once Javi takes care
of the panel,
of the panel, we
Once Javi takes care
of the panel, we'r
of the panel, we're
Once Javi takes care
of the panel, we're ra
of the panel, we're rall
Once Javi takes care
of the panel, we're rallyi
of the panel, we're rallying
th
the
of the panel, we're rallying
the pa
the pass
of the panel, we're rallying
the passen
the passenge
of the panel, we're rallying
the passengers
the passengers u
of the panel, we're rallying
the passengers upt
the passengers uptra
of the panel, we're rallying
the passengers uptrain
the passengers uptrain.
We
We'l
the passengers uptrain.
We'll
We'll ma
the passengers uptrain.
We'll make
We'll make a
the passengers uptrain.
We'll make a p
We'll make a pus
the passengers uptrain.
We'll make a push
on
on t
We'll make a push
on the
on the R
We'll make a push
on the Roc
on the Rocke
We'll make a push
on the Rocket
on the Rocket Ca
We'll make a push
on the Rocket Car,
on the Rocket Car, o
We'll make a push
on the Rocket Car, oka
on the Rocket Car, okay?
J
Jus
on the Rocket Car, okay?
Just
Just go
on the Rocket Car, okay?
Just got
Just got to
on the Rocket Car, okay?
Just got to c
Just got to con
on the Rocket Car, okay?
Just got to convi
Just got to convinc
on the Rocket Car, okay?
Just got to convince
th
them
Just got to convince
them t
them to
Just got to convince
them to fi
them to fire
Just got to convince
them to fire.
I
It
them to fire.
It wo
It woul
them to fire.
It would
It would he
them to fire.
It would help
It would help i
them to fire.
It would help if
It would help if we
them to fire.
It would help if we h
It would help if we had
them to fire.
It would help if we had R
It would help if we had Rut
them to fire.
It would help if we had Ruth.
Y
Yea
It would help if we had Ruth.
Yeah,
Yeah, w
It would help if we had Ruth.
Yeah, we'
Yeah, we'll
It would help if we had Ruth.
Yeah, we'll f
Yeah, we'll fin
It would help if we had Ruth.
Yeah, we'll find
Yeah, we'll find he
It would help if we had Ruth.
Yeah, we'll find her.
I
I'l
Yeah, we'll find her.
I'll
I'll se
Yeah, we'll find her.
I'll send
I'll send y
Yeah, we'll find her.
I'll send you
I'll send you a
Yeah, we'll find her.
I'll send you a s
I'll send you a sig
Yeah, we'll find her.
I'll send you a signa
I'll send you a signal
Yeah, we'll find her.
I'll send you a signal on
I'll send you a signal once
we
we'v
I'll send you a signal once
we've
we've go
I'll send you a signal once
we've got
we've got th
I'll send you a signal once
we've got the
we've got the al
I'll send you a signal once
we've got the all
we've got the all cl
I'll send you a signal once
we've got the all clea
we've got the all clear,
I'll send you a signal once
we've got the all clear, o
we've got the all clear, oka
I'll send you a signal once
we've got the all clear, okay?
Yo
You
we've got the all clear, okay?
You ca
You can
we've got the all clear, okay?
You can se
You can send
we've got the all clear, okay?
You can send e
You can send eve
we've got the all clear, okay?
You can send every
You can send everyon
we've got the all clear, okay?
You can send everyone
el
else
You can send everyone
else a
else alo
You can send everyone
else along
else along.
Yo
You
else along.
You sh
You shou
else along.
You should
You should h
else along.
You should hea
You should head
else along.
You should head up
You should head up t
else along.
You should head up top
You should head up top.
G
Goo
You should head up top.
Good
Good lu
You should head up top.
Good luck
Good luck.
M
Man
Man:
Man: In
Man: Inco
Man: Incomi
Man: Incoming
Man: Incoming!
(All shouting)
(Coughing)
♪
A
Arr
Arriv
Arrived
Arrived.
It
It's
Arrived.
It's c
It's cle
Arrived.
It's clear
It's clearin
Arrived.
It's clearing
It's clearing no
Arrived.
It's clearing now.
L
Lay
It's clearing now.
Layto
Layton:
It's clearing now.
Layton: (
Layton: (On
It's clearing now.
Layton: (On r
Layton: (On rad
It's clearing now.
Layton: (On radio
Layton: (On radio)
It's clearing now.
Layton: (On radio) Co
Layton: (On radio) Copy
It's clearing now.
Layton: (On radio) Copy.
Me
Meet
Layton: (On radio) Copy.
Meet y
Meet you
Layton: (On radio) Copy.
Meet you o
Meet you out
Layton: (On radio) Copy.
Meet you out i
Meet you out in
Layton: (On radio) Copy.
Meet you out in th
Meet you out in the
Layton: (On radio) Copy.
Meet you out in the mi
Meet you out in the midd
Layton: (On radio) Copy.
Meet you out in the middle
Meet you out in the middle.
W
We'
We're
We're g
We're gon
We're gonna
We're gonna n
We're gonna nee
We're gonna need
We're gonna need to
We're gonna need to b
We're gonna need to ble
We're gonna need to blend
We're gonna need to blend i
We're gonna need to blend in.
F
Fin
We're gonna need to blend in.
Final
Finally
We're gonna need to blend in.
Finally b
Finally bac
We're gonna need to blend in.
Finally back
Finally back in
We're gonna need to blend in.
Finally back in u
Finally back in uni
We're gonna need to blend in.
Finally back in unifo
Finally back in uniform
We're gonna need to blend in.
Finally back in uniform.
Y
You
You g
You got
You got t
You got the
You got the d
You got the doo
You got the door?
Ru
Ruth
You got the door?
Ruth!
Ru
Ruth
Ruth!
Ruth,
Ruth, yo
Ruth!
Ruth, you'
Ruth, you're
Ruth!
Ruth, you're h
Ruth, you're her
Ruth!
Ruth, you're here.
M
Mr.
Ruth, you're here.
Mr. C
Mr. Col
Ruth, you're here.
Mr. Colvi
Mr. Colvin,
Ruth, you're here.
Mr. Colvin, p
Mr. Colvin, pic
Ruth, you're here.
Mr. Colvin, pick
Mr. Colvin, pick up
Ruth, you're here.
Mr. Colvin, pick up a
Mr. Colvin, pick up a s
Ruth, you're here.
Mr. Colvin, pick up a spe
Mr. Colvin, pick up a spear
Ruth, you're here.
Mr. Colvin, pick up a spear,
we
we'v
Mr. Colvin, pick up a spear,
we've
we've go
Mr. Colvin, pick up a spear,
we've got
we've got a
Mr. Colvin, pick up a spear,
we've got a Ro
we've got a Rock
Mr. Colvin, pick up a spear,
we've got a Rocket
we've got a Rocket t
Mr. Colvin, pick up a spear,
we've got a Rocket to
we've got a Rocket to st
Mr. Colvin, pick up a spear,
we've got a Rocket to stop
we've got a Rocket to stop.
I
I t
we've got a Rocket to stop.
I tho
I thoug
we've got a Rocket to stop.
I thought
I thought t
we've got a Rocket to stop.
I thought tha
I thought that
we've got a Rocket to stop.
I thought that Ro
I thought that Rock
we've got a Rocket to stop.
I thought that Rocket
wa
was
I thought that Rocket
was su
was supp
I thought that Rocket
was suppos
was supposed
I thought that Rocket
was supposed,
was supposed, to
I thought that Rocket
was supposed, to,
was supposed, to, yo
I thought that Rocket
was supposed, to, you
was supposed, to, you kn
I thought that Rocket
was supposed, to, you know
was supposed, to, you know,
sa
save
was supposed, to, you know,
save t
save the
was supposed, to, you know,
save the w
save the wor
was supposed, to, you know,
save the world
save the world.
E
Eve
save the world.
Every
Everyon
save the world.
Everyone!
I
I me
Everyone!
I met
I met th
Everyone!
I met the
I met the ma
Everyone!
I met the man
I met the man in
Everyone!
I met the man in c
I met the man in cha
Everyone!
I met the man in charg
I met the man in charge,
fa
face
I met the man in charge,
face t
face to
I met the man in charge,
face to fa
face to face
I met the man in charge,
face to face.
As
Aske
face to face.
Asked
Asked hi
face to face.
Asked him
Asked him di
face to face.
Asked him dire
Asked him direct
face to face.
Asked him directly
Asked him directly w
face to face.
Asked him directly wha
Asked him directly what
face to face.
Asked him directly what hi
Asked him directly what his
pl
plan
Asked him directly what his
plans
plans we
Asked him directly what his
plans were
plans were f
Asked him directly what his
plans were for
plans were for S
Asked him directly what his
plans were for Sno
plans were for Snowp
Asked him directly what his
plans were for Snowpie
plans were for Snowpierc
Asked him directly what his
plans were for Snowpiercer
plans were for Snowpiercer a
Asked him directly what his
plans were for Snowpiercer aft
plans were for Snowpiercer after
th
the
plans were for Snowpiercer after
the Ro
the Rock
plans were for Snowpiercer after
the Rocket
the Rocket l
plans were for Snowpiercer after
the Rocket lau
the Rocket launc
plans were for Snowpiercer after
the Rocket launch,
the Rocket launch, a
plans were for Snowpiercer after
the Rocket launch, and
the Rocket launch, and i
plans were for Snowpiercer after
the Rocket launch, and it
the Rocket launch, and it tu
plans were for Snowpiercer after
the Rocket launch, and it turn
the Rocket launch, and it turns
ou
out
the Rocket launch, and it turns
out he
out he's
the Rocket launch, and it turns
out he's n
out he's not
the Rocket launch, and it turns
out he's not p
out he's not pla
the Rocket launch, and it turns
out he's not plann
out he's not plannin
the Rocket launch, and it turns
out he's not planning
out he's not planning on
the Rocket launch, and it turns
out he's not planning on g
out he's not planning on giv
the Rocket launch, and it turns
out he's not planning on givin
out he's not planning on giving
he
her
out he's not planning on giving
her ba
her back
out he's not planning on giving
her back b
her back bec
out he's not planning on giving
her back becau
her back because
out he's not planning on giving
her back because h
her back because he'
out he's not planning on giving
her back because he's
her back because he's no
out he's not planning on giving
her back because he's not
her back because he's not su
out he's not planning on giving
her back because he's not sure
hi
his
her back because he's not sure
his ex
his expe
her back because he's not sure
his experi
his experime
her back because he's not sure
his experiment
his experiment i
her back because he's not sure
his experiment is
his experiment is go
her back because he's not sure
his experiment is goin
his experiment is going
her back because he's not sure
his experiment is going to
his experiment is going to w
her back because he's not sure
his experiment is going to wor
his experiment is going to work.
Th
The
his experiment is going to work.
The ey
The eyes
his experiment is going to work.
The eyes a
The eyes alw
his experiment is going to work.
The eyes alway
The eyes always
his experiment is going to work.
The eyes always re
The eyes always reve
his experiment is going to work.
The eyes always reveal
th
the
The eyes always reveal
the tr
the trut
The eyes always reveal
the truth,
the truth, a
The eyes always reveal
the truth, and
the truth, and I
The eyes always reveal
the truth, and I s
the truth, and I saw
The eyes always reveal
the truth, and I saw n
the truth, and I saw not
The eyes always reveal
the truth, and I saw nothi
the truth, and I saw nothing
bu
but
the truth, and I saw nothing
but do
but doub
the truth, and I saw nothing
but doubt
but doubt in
the truth, and I saw nothing
but doubt in h
but doubt in his
the truth, and I saw nothing
but doubt in his.
Y
Yea
but doubt in his.
Yeah,
Yeah, a
but doubt in his.
Yeah, and
Yeah, and i
but doubt in his.
Yeah, and if
Yeah, and if he
but doubt in his.
Yeah, and if he d
Yeah, and if he don
but doubt in his.
Yeah, and if he don't
Yeah, and if he don't t
but doubt in his.
Yeah, and if he don't thi
Yeah, and if he don't think
it
it's
Yeah, and if he don't think
it's g
it's gon
Yeah, and if he don't think
it's gonna
it's gonna w
Yeah, and if he don't think
it's gonna wor
it's gonna work,
Yeah, and if he don't think
it's gonna work, y
it's gonna work, you
Yeah, and if he don't think
it's gonna work, you r
it's gonna work, you rea
Yeah, and if he don't think
it's gonna work, you reall
it's gonna work, you really
wa
want
it's gonna work, you really
want t
want to
it's gonna work, you really
want to be
want to bet
it's gonna work, you really
want to bet yo
want to bet your
it's gonna work, you really
want to bet your l
want to bet your liv
it's gonna work, you really
want to bet your lives
want to bet your lives o
it's gonna work, you really
want to bet your lives on
want to bet your lives on it
it's gonna work, you really
want to bet your lives on it?
(P
(Peo
want to bet your lives on it?
(Peopl
(People
want to bet your lives on it?
(People cl
(People clam
want to bet your lives on it?
(People clamou
(People clamouri
want to bet your lives on it?
(People clamouring
(People clamouring)
T
Thi
(People clamouring)
This
This Ro
(People clamouring)
This Rock
This Rocket
(People clamouring)
This Rocket w
This Rocket wil
(People clamouring)
This Rocket will
This Rocket will ki
(People clamouring)
This Rocket will kill
us
us a
This Rocket will kill
us all
us all i
This Rocket will kill
us all if
us all if we
This Rocket will kill
us all if we d
us all if we don
This Rocket will kill
us all if we don't
us all if we don't s
This Rocket will kill
us all if we don't sto
us all if we don't stop
This Rocket will kill
us all if we don't stop hi
us all if we don't stop him.
We
We n
us all if we don't stop him.
We nee
We need
us all if we don't stop him.
We need wa
We need warr
us all if we don't stop him.
We need warrio
We need warriors
us all if we don't stop him.
We need warriors a
We need warriors and
us all if we don't stop him.
We need warriors and w
We need warriors and wea
us all if we don't stop him.
We need warriors and weapo
We need warriors and weapons
us all if we don't stop him.
We need warriors and weapons,
wh
what
We need warriors and weapons,
whatev
whatever
We need warriors and weapons,
whatever y
whatever you
We need warriors and weapons,
whatever you c
whatever you can
We need warriors and weapons,
whatever you can f
whatever you can fin
We need warriors and weapons,
whatever you can find.
Th
The
whatever you can find.
The ma
The marc
whatever you can find.
The march
The march do
whatever you can find.
The march down
The march downtr
whatever you can find.
The march downtrai
The march downtrain
whatever you can find.
The march downtrain be
The march downtrain begi
whatever you can find.
The march downtrain begins
The march downtrain begins n
whatever you can find.
The march downtrain begins now
The march downtrain begins now.
Ar
Are
The march downtrain begins now.
Are yo
Are you
The march downtrain begins now.
Are you wi
Are you with
The march downtrain begins now.
Are you with m
Are you with me?
(P
(Peo
Are you with me?
(Peopl
(People
Are you with me?
(People sh
(People shou
Are you with me?
(People shouti
(People shouting
Are you with me?
(People shouting)
Let's go!
♪
A
All
All r
All rig
All right
All right.
If
If a
All right.
If any
If anyon
All right.
If anyone
If anyone as
All right.
If anyone asks
If anyone asks,
All right.
If anyone asks, he
If anyone asks, he's
All right.
If anyone asks, he's e
If anyone asks, he's esc
All right.
If anyone asks, he's escor
If anyone asks, he's escorti
All right.
If anyone asks, he's escorting
me
me t
If anyone asks, he's escorting
me to
me to th
If anyone asks, he's escorting
me to the
me to the ma
If anyone asks, he's escorting
me to the mark
me to the market
If anyone asks, he's escorting
me to the market,
me to the market, ok
If anyone asks, he's escorting
me to the market, okay
me to the market, okay?
Ju
Just
me to the market, okay?
Just k
Just kee
me to the market, okay?
Just keep
Just keep a
me to the market, okay?
Just keep a lo
Just keep a low
me to the market, okay?
Just keep a low pr
Just keep a low prof
me to the market, okay?
Just keep a low profil
Just keep a low profile.
H
How
How a
How are
How are y
How are you
How are you?
W
Wha
What
What di
What did
What did I
What did I ju
What did I just
What did I just s
What did I just say
What did I just say?
W
Wha
What did I just say?
What'
What's
What did I just say?
What's th
What's the
What did I just say?
What's the ma
What's the matt
What did I just say?
What's the matter
What's the matter?
H
Her
Here
Here it
Here it i
Here it is.
It
It's
Here it is.
It's g
It's gon
Here it is.
It's gonna
It's gonna t
Here it is.
It's gonna tak
It's gonna take
Here it is.
It's gonna take a
It's gonna take a fe
Here it is.
It's gonna take a few
It's gonna take a few mi
Here it is.
It's gonna take a few minu
It's gonna take a few minute
Here it is.
It's gonna take a few minutes.
Ea
Easy
Easy t
Easy to
Easy to ge
Easy to get
Easy to get ca
Easy to get caug
Easy to get caught
Easy to get caught w
Easy to get caught wit
Easy to get caught with
ou
our
Easy to get caught with
our kn
our knic
Easy to get caught with
our knicke
our knickers
Easy to get caught with
our knickers d
our knickers dow
Easy to get caught with
our knickers down
our knickers down ou
Easy to get caught with
our knickers down out
our knickers down out he
Easy to get caught with
our knickers down out here
our knickers down out here.
Y
Yea
our knickers down out here.
Yeah,
Yeah, a
our knickers down out here.
Yeah, all
Yeah, all r
our knickers down out here.
Yeah, all rig
Yeah, all right
our knickers down out here.
Yeah, all right.
I'
I'll
Yeah, all right.
I'll b
I'll be
Yeah, all right.
I'll be lo
I'll be look
Yeah, all right.
I'll be lookou
I'll be lookout
Yeah, all right.
I'll be lookout do
I'll be lookout down
Yeah, all right.
I'll be lookout downtr
I'll be lookout downtrai
Yeah, all right.
I'll be lookout downtrain.
Y
Yea
I'll be lookout downtrain.
Yeah,
Yeah, I
I'll be lookout downtrain.
Yeah, I'l
Yeah, I'll
I'll be lookout downtrain.
Yeah, I'll ta
Yeah, I'll take
I'll be lookout downtrain.
Yeah, I'll take u
Yeah, I'll take upt
I'll be lookout downtrain.
Yeah, I'll take uptra
Yeah, I'll take uptrain
I'll be lookout downtrain.
Yeah, I'll take uptrain.
M
Mak
Make
Make su
Make sure
Make sure t
Make sure the
Make sure they
Make sure they ca
Make sure they can'
Make sure they can't
Make sure they can't mo
Make sure they can't move
Make sure they can't move,
in
in c
Make sure they can't move,
in cas
in case
Make sure they can't move,
in case th
in case they
Make sure they can't move,
in case they w
in case they wak
Make sure they can't move,
in case they wake
in case they wake up
Make sure they can't move,
in case they wake up.
D
Don
in case they wake up.
Don't
Don't w
in case they wake up.
Don't wor
Don't worry
in case they wake up.
Don't worry.
If
If t
Don't worry.
If the
If they
Don't worry.
If they mo
If they move
Don't worry.
If they move,
If they move, th
Don't worry.
If they move, they
If they move, they w
Don't worry.
If they move, they wil
If they move, they will
Don't worry.
If they move, they will hu
If they move, they will hurt
Don't worry.
If they move, they will hurt.
I
I'l
If they move, they will hurt.
I'll
I'll ta
If they move, they will hurt.
I'll take
I'll take t
If they move, they will hurt.
I'll take the
I'll take the r
If they move, they will hurt.
I'll take the res
I'll take the rest
If they move, they will hurt.
I'll take the rest up
I'll take the rest uptr
If they move, they will hurt.
I'll take the rest uptrai
I'll take the rest uptrain
to
to m
I'll take the rest uptrain
to mee
to meet
I'll take the rest uptrain
to meet th
to meet the
I'll take the rest uptrain
to meet the ot
to meet the othe
I'll take the rest uptrain
to meet the others
to meet the others.
Le
Let'
to meet the others.
Let's
Let's go
to meet the others.
Let's go!
M
Man
Let's go!
Man:
Man: Go
Let's go!
Man: Go,
Man: Go, go
Let's go!
Man: Go, go!
O
Oh,
Oh, I
Oh, I w
Oh, I was
Oh, I was s
Oh, I was sta
Oh, I was start
Oh, I was startin
Oh, I was starting
Oh, I was starting to
Oh, I was starting to w
Oh, I was starting to won
Oh, I was starting to wonde
Oh, I was starting to wonder.
S
Sor
Oh, I was starting to wonder.
Sorry
Sorry f
Oh, I was starting to wonder.
Sorry for
Sorry for t
Oh, I was starting to wonder.
Sorry for the
Sorry for the d
Oh, I was starting to wonder.
Sorry for the del
Sorry for the delay
Oh, I was starting to wonder.
Sorry for the delay.
N
No,
Sorry for the delay.
No, y
No, you
Sorry for the delay.
No, you'r
No, you're
Sorry for the delay.
No, you're ju
No, you're just
Sorry for the delay.
No, you're just i
No, you're just in
Sorry for the delay.
No, you're just in ti
No, you're just in time
Sorry for the delay.
No, you're just in time.
We
We w
No, you're just in time.
We wer
We were
No, you're just in time.
We were ju
We were just
No, you're just in time.
We were just a
We were just abo
No, you're just in time.
We were just about
We were just about t
No, you're just in time.
We were just about to
We were just about to ma
No, you're just in time.
We were just about to make
We were just about to make a
mo
move
We were just about to make a
move o
move on
We were just about to make a
move on to
move on top
We were just about to make a
move on top to
move on top to t
We were just about to make a
move on top to thi
move on top to this
We were just about to make a
move on top to this Ut
move on top to this Util
We were just about to make a
move on top to this Utilit
move on top to this Utility
We were just about to make a
move on top to this Utility Ca
move on top to this Utility Car.
A
Any
move on top to this Utility Car.
Anyon
Anyone
move on top to this Utility Car.
Anyone el
Anyone else
move on top to this Utility Car.
Anyone else f
Anyone else fee
move on top to this Utility Car.
Anyone else feel
Anyone else feel a
move on top to this Utility Car.
Anyone else feel a ch
Anyone else feel a chil
move on top to this Utility Car.
Anyone else feel a chill?
So
Some
Somebo
Somebody
Somebody m
Somebody mus
Somebody must
Somebody must ha
Somebody must have
br
brea
Somebody must have
breach
breached
Somebody must have
breached t
breached the
Somebody must have
breached the c
breached the car
Somebody must have
breached the car.
I
It'
breached the car.
It's
It's an
breached the car.
It's anot
It's anothe
breached the car.
It's another
It's another tr
breached the car.
It's another trap
It's another trap.
Go
Good
It's another trap.
Good t
Good thi
It's another trap.
Good thing
Good thing w
It's another trap.
Good thing we
Good thing we ha
It's another trap.
Good thing we have
a
a fo
Good thing we have
a form
a former
Good thing we have
a former B
a former Bre
Good thing we have
a former Breac
a former Breachm
Good thing we have
a former Breachman
a former Breachman.
H
Hey
Hey.
Th
Ther
Hey.
There'
There's
Hey.
There's a
There's a do
Hey.
There's a doze
There's a dozen
Hey.
There's a dozen so
There's a dozen sold
Hey.
There's a dozen soldie
There's a dozen soldiers
ma
marc
There's a dozen soldiers
marchi
marching
There's a dozen soldiers
marching t
marching tow
There's a dozen soldiers
marching towar
marching towards
There's a dozen soldiers
marching towards u
marching towards us
There's a dozen soldiers
marching towards us ri
marching towards us righ
There's a dozen soldiers
marching towards us right
marching towards us right no
There's a dozen soldiers
marching towards us right now.
I
I n
marching towards us right now.
I nee
I need
marching towards us right now.
I need mo
I need more
marching towards us right now.
I need more t
I need more tim
marching towards us right now.
I need more time.
W
We'
I need more time.
We're
We're g
I need more time.
We're goi
We're going
I need more time.
We're going t
We're going to
I need more time.
We're going to ha
We're going to have
I need more time.
We're going to have t
We're going to have to
I need more time.
We're going to have to fi
We're going to have to figh
I need more time.
We're going to have to fight.
N
No,
We're going to have to fight.
No, n
No, no,
We're going to have to fight.
No, no, n
No, no, no.
Th
Ther
No, no, no.
There'
There's
No, no, no.
There's to
There's too
No, no, no.
There's too ma
There's too many
No, no, no.
There's too many o
There's too many of
No, no, no.
There's too many of th
There's too many of them
No, no, no.
There's too many of them,
an
and
There's too many of them,
and yo
and you
There's too many of them,
and you do
and you don'
There's too many of them,
and you don't
and you don't lo
There's too many of them,
and you don't look
and you don't look t
There's too many of them,
and you don't look the
and you don't look the p
There's too many of them,
and you don't look the par
and you don't look the part.
Co
Come
and you don't look the part.
Come o
Come on.
Ge
Get
Come on.
Get in
Get in t
Come on.
Get in thi
Get in this
Come on.
Get in this co
Get in this couc
Come on.
Get in this couche
Get in this couchett
Come on.
Get in this couchette.
T
Til
Get in this couchette.
Till.
G
Get
Till.
Get i
Get in.
W
Wha
What'
What's
What's al
What's all
What's all th
What's all this
What's all this a
What's all this abo
What's all this about
What's all this about?
T
Tec
What's all this about?
Techi
Techie'
What's all this about?
Techie's
Techie's ju
What's all this about?
Techie's just
Techie's just f
What's all this about?
Techie's just fix
Techie's just fixin
What's all this about?
Techie's just fixing
a
a bu
Techie's just fixing
a bust
a busted
Techie's just fixing
a busted c
a busted com
Techie's just fixing
a busted comms
a busted comms p
Techie's just fixing
a busted comms pan
a busted comms panel
Techie's just fixing
a busted comms panel.
I
I d
a busted comms panel.
I did
I didn'
a busted comms panel.
I didn't
I didn't he
a busted comms panel.
I didn't hear
I didn't hear a
a busted comms panel.
I didn't hear abo
I didn't hear about
a busted comms panel.
I didn't hear about t
I didn't hear about thi
a busted comms panel.
I didn't hear about this.
H
Hen
I didn't hear about this.
Hence
Hence t
I didn't hear about this.
Hence the
Hence the b
I didn't hear about this.
Hence the bus
Hence the buste
I didn't hear about this.
Hence the busted
Hence the busted co
I didn't hear about this.
Hence the busted comm
Hence the busted comms.
T
The
Hence the busted comms.
There
There w
Hence the busted comms.
There was
There was a
Hence the busted comms.
There was a s
There was a sur
Hence the busted comms.
There was a surge
in
in t
There was a surge
in the
in the C
There was a surge
in the CAT
in the CAT 9
There was a surge
in the CAT 9 l
in the CAT 9 lin
There was a surge
in the CAT 9 line.
I
I th
in the CAT 9 line.
I thin
I think
in the CAT 9 line.
I think it
I think it s
in the CAT 9 line.
I think it sho
I think it short
in the CAT 9 line.
I think it shorted
I think it shorted t
in the CAT 9 line.
I think it shorted the
I think it shorted the r
in the CAT 9 line.
I think it shorted the rou
I think it shorted the route
in the CAT 9 line.
I think it shorted the router
bo
box,
I think it shorted the router
box, s
box, so
I think it shorted the router
box, so I'
box, so I'm
I think it shorted the router
box, so I'm ju
box, so I'm just
I think it shorted the router
box, so I'm just b
box, so I'm just byp
I think it shorted the router
box, so I'm just bypas
box, so I'm just bypassi
I think it shorted the router
box, so I'm just bypassing
th
the
box, so I'm just bypassing
the in
the inpu
box, so I'm just bypassing
the input
the input co
box, so I'm just bypassing
the input conn
the input connec
box, so I'm just bypassing
the input connecti
the input connection
box, so I'm just bypassing
the input connection--
O
Oka
the input connection--
Okay,
Okay, w
the input connection--
Okay, wha
Okay, whate
the input connection--
Okay, whateve
Okay, whatever,
the input connection--
Okay, whatever, b
Okay, whatever, but
the input connection--
Okay, whatever, but y
Okay, whatever, but you
the input connection--
Okay, whatever, but you t
Okay, whatever, but you two
ge
get
Okay, whatever, but you two
get yo
get your
Okay, whatever, but you two
get your a
get your ass
Okay, whatever, but you two
get your asses
get your asses i
Okay, whatever, but you two
get your asses in
get your asses in ge
Okay, whatever, but you two
get your asses in gear
get your asses in gear.
U
Us?
T
The
Us?
There
There's
Us?
There's a
There's a r
Us?
There's a reb
There's a rebel
Us?
There's a rebelli
There's a rebellion
br
brew
There's a rebellion
brewin
brewing
There's a rebellion
brewing in
brewing in t
There's a rebellion
brewing in the
brewing in the m
There's a rebellion
brewing in the mar
brewing in the marke
There's a rebellion
brewing in the market.
We
We h
brewing in the market.
We hav
We have
brewing in the market.
We have to
We have to g
brewing in the market.
We have to gua
We have to guard
th
the
We have to guard
the Ro
the Rock
We have to guard
the Rocket
the Rocket c
We have to guard
the Rocket car
the Rocket car,
We have to guard
the Rocket car, so
the Rocket car, so f
We have to guard
the Rocket car, so fal
the Rocket car, so fall
We have to guard
the Rocket car, so fall in
the Rocket car, so fall in.
Y
Yes
the Rocket car, so fall in.
Yes,
Yes, ma
the Rocket car, so fall in.
Yes, ma'a
Yes, ma'am.
H
How
How l
How lon
How long
How long be
How long befo
How long before
we
we r
How long before
we rea
we reach
How long before
we reach t
we reach the
How long before
we reach the l
we reach the lau
How long before
we reach the launc
we reach the launch
How long before
we reach the launch po
we reach the launch poin
How long before
we reach the launch point?
B
Buf
we reach the launch point?
Buffa
Buffalo
we reach the launch point?
Buffalo:
Buffalo: ET
we reach the launch point?
Buffalo: ETA
Buffalo: ETA 30
we reach the launch point?
Buffalo: ETA 30 m
Buffalo: ETA 30 min
we reach the launch point?
Buffalo: ETA 30 minut
Buffalo: ETA 30 minutes
we reach the launch point?
Buffalo: ETA 30 minutes.
(B
(Bee
Buffalo: ETA 30 minutes.
(Beepi
(Beeping
Buffalo: ETA 30 minutes.
(Beeping)
M
Mis
Missi
Mission
Mission C
Mission Con
Mission Contr
Mission Control
Mission Control's
no
not
Mission Control's
not re
not resp
Mission Control's
not respon
not respondi
Mission Control's
not responding
not responding.
Wh
What
not responding.
What's
What's g
not responding.
What's goi
What's going
not responding.
What's going o
What's going on?
J
Jos
Josie
Josie.
Jo
Josi
Josie.
Josie,
Josie, l
Josie.
Josie, let
Josie, let's
Josie.
Josie, let's g
Josie, let's go.
W
We
We ne
We need
We need t
We need to
We need to ge
We need to get
to
to t
We need to get
to the
to the R
We need to get
to the Roc
to the Rocke
We need to get
to the Rocket
to the Rocket Ca
We need to get
to the Rocket Car.
Th
This
to the Rocket Car.
This l
This lau
to the Rocket Car.
This launc
This launch
to the Rocket Car.
This launch wi
This launch will
to the Rocket Car.
This launch will n
This launch will not
to the Rocket Car.
This launch will not b
This launch will not be
to the Rocket Car.
This launch will not be de
This launch will not be dela
to the Rocket Car.
This launch will not be delaye
This launch will not be delayed.
In
In c
In cas
In case
In case we
In case we g
In case we get
In case we get s
In case we get sep
In case we get separ
In case we get separat
In case we get separated
In case we get separated,
I'
I'm
In case we get separated,
I'm go
I'm gonn
In case we get separated,
I'm gonna
I'm gonna ne
In case we get separated,
I'm gonna need
I'm gonna need p
In case we get separated,
I'm gonna need pro
I'm gonna need prote
In case we get separated,
I'm gonna need protect
I'm gonna need protectio
In case we get separated,
I'm gonna need protection.
Uh
Uh,
I'm gonna need protection.
Uh, ye
Uh, yeah
I'm gonna need protection.
Uh, yeah,
Uh, yeah, gi
I'm gonna need protection.
Uh, yeah, give
Uh, yeah, give m
I'm gonna need protection.
Uh, yeah, give me
Uh, yeah, give me yo
I'm gonna need protection.
Uh, yeah, give me your
Uh, yeah, give me your g
I'm gonna need protection.
Uh, yeah, give me your gun
Uh, yeah, give me your gun.
(Clicking)
(Squelching)
(Hatch hisses)
T
Tem
Tempe
Tempera
Temperatu
Temperature
Temperature i
Temperature is
Temperature is ri
Temperature is risi
Temperature is rising
ba
back
Temperature is rising
back t
back to
Temperature is rising
back to no
back to norm
Temperature is rising
back to normal
back to normal.
Co
Come
back to normal.
Come o
Come on
back to normal.
Come on up
Come on up!
(H
(He
(He gr
(He groa
(He groans
(He groans)
B
Bok
(He groans)
Boki?
Boki? Y
(He groans)
Boki? You
Boki? You a
(He groans)
Boki? You alr
Boki? You alrig
(He groans)
Boki? You alright
Boki? You alright?
Ha
Hang
Boki? You alright?
Hang b
Hang bac
Boki? You alright?
Hang back
Hang back a
Boki? You alright?
Hang back a se
Hang back a seco
Boki? You alright?
Hang back a second
Hang back a second.
(Tense instrumental swell)
(B
(Bok
(Boki
(Boki gr
(Boki grun
(Boki grunts
(Boki grunts)
Oh
Oh,
(Boki grunts)
Oh, sh
Oh, shit
(Boki grunts)
Oh, shit.
♪
(T
(Ten
(Tense
(Tense i
(Tense ins
(Tense instr
(Tense instrum
(Tense instrumen
(Tense instrumenta
(Tense instrumental
(Tense instrumental sw
(Tense instrumental swel
(Tense instrumental swell)
L
Lay
Layto
Layton?
I
If
Layton?
If yo
If you
Layton?
If you ha
If you had
Layton?
If you had an
If you had any
Layton?
If you had any bu
If you had any bull
Layton?
If you had any bullet
If you had any bullets
Layton?
If you had any bullets le
If you had any bullets left
in
in t
If you had any bullets left
in tha
in that
If you had any bullets left
in that gu
in that gun,
If you had any bullets left
in that gun, m
in that gun, my
If you had any bullets left
in that gun, my fr
in that gun, my frie
If you had any bullets left
in that gun, my friend
in that gun, my friend t
If you had any bullets left
in that gun, my friend the
in that gun, my friend there
If you had any bullets left
in that gun, my friend there'd
be
be d
in that gun, my friend there'd
be dea
be dead
in that gun, my friend there'd
be dead by
be dead by n
in that gun, my friend there'd
be dead by now
be dead by now.
♪
(L
(Lay
(Layto
(Layton
(Layton gr
(Layton grow
(Layton growls
(Layton growls,
(Layton growls, gr
(Layton growls, groa
(Layton growls, groans
(Layton growls, groans)
Go!
♪
(Layton grunts, groans)
W
Wil
Will
Will yo
Will you
Will you sh
Will you shut
Will you shut t
Will you shut the
Will you shut the b
Will you shut the bla
Will you shut the blast
Will you shut the blast d
Will you shut the blast doo
Will you shut the blast door?
Y
Yea
Will you shut the blast door?
Yeah.
(Blast door hisses, whirrs)
(Grunting)
(Heavy thud)
(Hard thudding)
I
I g
I got
I gotta
I gotta g
I gotta get
I gotta get u
I gotta get up
I gotta get up tr
I gotta get up trai
I gotta get up train
an
and
I gotta get up train
and he
and help
I gotta get up train
and help t
and help the
I gotta get up train
and help the o
and help the oth
I gotta get up train
and help the other
and help the others.
(H
(He
and help the others.
(He gr
(He grun
and help the others.
(He grunts
(He grunts)
Gu
Guar
(He grunts)
Guard
Guard th
(He grunts)
Guard that
Guard that d
(He grunts)
Guard that doo
Guard that door,
ma
make
Guard that door,
make s
make sur
Guard that door,
make sure
make sure no
Guard that door,
make sure no o
make sure no one
Guard that door,
make sure no one g
make sure no one get
Guard that door,
make sure no one gets
make sure no one gets in
Guard that door,
make sure no one gets in.
B
Bri
make sure no one gets in.
Bridg
Bridgem
make sure no one gets in.
Bridgeman
Bridgeman B
make sure no one gets in.
Bridgeman Boj
Bridgeman Bojan
make sure no one gets in.
Bridgeman Bojan B
Bridgeman Bojan Bos
make sure no one gets in.
Bridgeman Bojan Bosco
Bridgeman Bojan Boscovi
make sure no one gets in.
Bridgeman Bojan Boscovic
at
at y
Bridgeman Bojan Boscovic
at you
at your
Bridgeman Bojan Boscovic
at your se
at your serv
Bridgeman Bojan Boscovic
at your servic
at your service.
H
Hey
Hey,
Hey, Bl
Hey, Blue
Hey, Bluebe
Hey, Blueberr
Hey, Blueberry!
Wh
Wher
Hey, Blueberry!
Where
Where yo
Hey, Blueberry!
Where you
Where you go
Hey, Blueberry!
Where you goin
Where you going?
(H
(Har
Where you going?
(Hard
(Hard th
Where you going?
(Hard thud
(Hard thuds)
Ni
Nice
(Hard thuds)
Nice w
Nice wor
(Hard thuds)
Nice work.
T
Tha
Nice work.
Thank
Thanks.
T
Tie
Thanks.
Tie h
Tie him
Thanks.
Tie him u
Tie him up,
Thanks.
Tie him up, g
Tie him up, get
Thanks.
Tie him up, get h
Tie him up, get him
Thanks.
Tie him up, get him i
Tie him up, get him in
a
a co
Tie him up, get him in
a couc
a couche
Tie him up, get him in
a couchett
a couchette.
♪
W
Wha
What
What yo
What you
What you do
What you doin
What you doing
What you doing he
What you doing here
What you doing here,
What you doing here, Ja
What you doing here, Javi
What you doing here, Javi?
Wh
Wher
What you doing here, Javi?
Where'
Where's
What you doing here, Javi?
Where's ev
Where's ever
What you doing here, Javi?
Where's everyo
Where's everyone
What you doing here, Javi?
Where's everyone e
Where's everyone els
What you doing here, Javi?
Where's everyone else?
I
It'
Where's everyone else?
It's
It's a
Where's everyone else?
It's a lo
It's a long
Where's everyone else?
It's a long s
It's a long sto
Where's everyone else?
It's a long story
It's a long story.
(D
(Doo
It's a long story.
(Door
(Door cl
It's a long story.
(Door clic
(Door clicks
It's a long story.
(Door clicks)
(Footsteps clicking)
O
Oh
Oh go
Oh good
Oh good,
Oh good, I
Oh good, I wa
Oh good, I was
Oh good, I was ho
Oh good, I was hopi
Oh good, I was hoping
(U
(Unc
Oh good, I was hoping
(Uncle
(Unclear
Oh good, I was hoping
(Unclear)
(Unclear) wo
Oh good, I was hoping
(Unclear) woul
(Unclear) would
Oh good, I was hoping
(Unclear) would be
(Unclear) would be h
Oh good, I was hoping
(Unclear) would be her
(Unclear) would be here
Oh good, I was hoping
(Unclear) would be here ea
(Unclear) would be here earl
Oh good, I was hoping
(Unclear) would be here early.
To
Toda
(Unclear) would be here early.
Today
Today is
(Unclear) would be here early.
Today is t
Today is too
(Unclear) would be here early.
Today is too h
Today is too his
(Unclear) would be here early.
Today is too histo
Today is too histori
(Unclear) would be here early.
Today is too historic
Today is too historic a
(Unclear) would be here early.
Today is too historic a da
Today is too historic a day.
(Unclear) would be here early.
Today is too historic a day...
..
..to
Today is too historic a day...
..toda
..today
Today is too historic a day...
..today is
..today is t
Today is too historic a day...
..today is too
..today is too i
Today is too historic a day...
..today is too imp
..today is too impor
Today is too historic a day...
..today is too importa
..today is too important
Today is too historic a day...
..today is too important a
..today is too important a d
Today is too historic a day...
..today is too important a day
to
to b
..today is too important a day
to be
to be si
..today is too important a day
to be sitt
to be sittin
..today is too important a day
to be sitting
to be sitting on
..today is too important a day
to be sitting on t
to be sitting on the
..today is too important a day
to be sitting on the s
to be sitting on the sid
..today is too important a day
to be sitting on the sidel
to be sitting on the sidelin
..today is too important a day
to be sitting on the sidelines
to be sitting on the sidelines.
We
We n
to be sitting on the sidelines.
We nee
We need
to be sitting on the sidelines.
We need to
We need to b
to be sitting on the sidelines.
We need to be.
We need to be...
..
..wh
We need to be...
..wher
..where
We need to be...
..where th
..where the
We need to be...
..where the ac
..where the acti
We need to be...
..where the action
..where the action i
We need to be...
..where the action is.
O
Oh,
..where the action is.
Oh, y
Oh, you
..where the action is.
Oh, you a
Oh, you alr
..where the action is.
Oh, you alrea
Oh, you already
..where the action is.
Oh, you already a
Oh, you already are
..where the action is.
Oh, you already are,
Oh, you already are, Do
..where the action is.
Oh, you already are, Doct
Oh, you already are, Doctor
..where the action is.
Oh, you already are, Doctor.
J
Jos
Oh, you already are, Doctor.
Josie
Josie,
Oh, you already are, Doctor.
Josie, ho
Josie, how
Oh, you already are, Doctor.
Josie, how di
Josie, how did
Oh, you already are, Doctor.
Josie, how did yo
Josie, how did you
fi
find
Josie, how did you
find m
find me
Josie, how did you
find me he
find me here
Josie, how did you
find me here?
J
Jos
find me here?
Josie
Josie:
find me here?
Josie: Wa
Josie: Wasn
find me here?
Josie: Wasn't
Josie: Wasn't h
find me here?
Josie: Wasn't har
Josie: Wasn't hard.
J
Jos
Josie: Wasn't hard.
Josie
Josie,
Josie: Wasn't hard.
Josie, li
Josie, list
Josie: Wasn't hard.
Josie, listen
Josie, listen.
I
I ha
Josie, listen.
I have
I have o
Josie, listen.
I have onl
I have only
Josie, listen.
I have only ev
I have only ever
Josie, listen.
I have only ever t
I have only ever tri
Josie, listen.
I have only ever tried
to
to s
I have only ever tried
to sav
to save
I have only ever tried
to save yo
to save your
I have only ever tried
to save your l
to save your lif
I have only ever tried
to save your life.
I
I ha
to save your life.
I have
I have t
to save your life.
I have tri
I have tried
to save your life.
I have tried t
I have tried to
to save your life.
I have tried to sa
I have tried to save
to save your life.
I have tried to save t
I have tried to save the
to save your life.
I have tried to save the l
I have tried to save the lif
to save your life.
I have tried to save the life
of
of a
I have tried to save the life
of all
of all o
I have tried to save the life
of all of
of all of my
I have tried to save the life
of all of my p
of all of my pat
I have tried to save the life
of all of my patie
of all of my patient
I have tried to save the life
of all of my patients-
of all of my patients--
N
No,
of all of my patients--
No, y
No, you
of all of my patients--
No, you p
No, you pla
of all of my patients--
No, you playe
No, you played
of all of my patients--
No, you played wi
No, you played with
of all of my patients--
No, you played with m
No, you played with my
of all of my patients--
No, you played with my li
No, you played with my life
of all of my patients--
No, you played with my life.
T
The
No, you played with my life.
Then
Then I
No, you played with my life.
Then I ga
Then I gave
No, you played with my life.
Then I gave L
Then I gave Lia
No, you played with my life.
Then I gave Liana
Then I gave Liana b
No, you played with my life.
Then I gave Liana bac
Then I gave Liana back
No, you played with my life.
Then I gave Liana back to
Then I gave Liana back to y
No, you played with my life.
Then I gave Liana back to you
an
and
Then I gave Liana back to you
and La
and Layt
Then I gave Liana back to you
and Layton
and Layton.
D
Don
and Layton.
Don't
Don't y
and Layton.
Don't you
Don't you u
and Layton.
Don't you und
Don't you under
and Layton.
Don't you underst
Don't you understan
and Layton.
Don't you understand?
Yo
You'
Don't you understand?
You've
You've m
Don't you understand?
You've mad
You've made
Don't you understand?
You've made me
You've made me n
Don't you understand?
You've made me num
You've made me numb.
Yo
You'
You've made me numb.
You've
You've m
You've made me numb.
You've mad
You've made
You've made me numb.
You've made me
You've made me i
You've made me numb.
You've made me imm
You've made me immun
You've made me numb.
You've made me immune,
I
I do
You've made me immune,
I don'
I don't
You've made me immune,
I don't gi
I don't give
You've made me immune,
I don't give a
I don't give a s
You've made me immune,
I don't give a shi
I don't give a shit
You've made me immune,
I don't give a shit an
I don't give a shit anym
You've made me immune,
I don't give a shit anymor
I don't give a shit anymore.
J
Jos
I don't give a shit anymore.
Josie
Josie,
I don't give a shit anymore.
Josie, pl
Josie, plea
I don't give a shit anymore.
Josie, please
Josie, please.
I don't give a shit anymore.
Josie, please. Yo
Josie, please. You
I don't give a shit anymore.
Josie, please. You ca
Josie, please. You can
I don't give a shit anymore.
Josie, please. You can fe
Josie, please. You can feel
I don't give a shit anymore.
Josie, please. You can feel,
yo
you
Josie, please. You can feel,
you do
you don'
Josie, please. You can feel,
you don't
you don't wa
Josie, please. You can feel,
you don't wann
you don't wanna
Josie, please. You can feel,
you don't wanna do
you don't wanna do t
Josie, please. You can feel,
you don't wanna do thi
you don't wanna do this.
O
Oh,
you don't wanna do this.
Oh, n
Oh, no,
you don't wanna do this.
Oh, no, I
Oh, no, I t
you don't wanna do this.
Oh, no, I thi
Oh, no, I think
you don't wanna do this.
Oh, no, I think I
Oh, no, I think I d
you don't wanna do this.
Oh, no, I think I do,
Oh, no, I think I do, D
you don't wanna do this.
Oh, no, I think I do, Doc
Oh, no, I think I do, Docto
you don't wanna do this.
Oh, no, I think I do, Doctor.
♪
(Tram screeches)
(Tense instrumental swell)
T
The
They'
They're
They're c
They're com
They're comin
They're coming.
No
Not
They're coming.
Not a
Not a so
They're coming.
Not a soul
Not a soul g
They're coming.
Not a soul get
Not a soul gets
They're coming.
Not a soul gets th
Not a soul gets thro
They're coming.
Not a soul gets throug
Not a soul gets through
They're coming.
Not a soul gets through th
Not a soul gets through thes
They're coming.
Not a soul gets through these
do
door
Not a soul gets through these
doors,
doors, d
Not a soul gets through these
doors, do
doors, do yo
Not a soul gets through these
doors, do you
doors, do you un
Not a soul gets through these
doors, do you unde
doors, do you unders
Not a soul gets through these
doors, do you understa
doors, do you understand
Not a soul gets through these
doors, do you understand?
Wh
Wh--
doors, do you understand?
Wh-- W
Wh-- Wha
doors, do you understand?
Wh-- Whate
Wh-- Whateve
doors, do you understand?
Wh-- Whatever
Wh-- Whatever it
doors, do you understand?
Wh-- Whatever it t
Wh-- Whatever it tak
doors, do you understand?
Wh-- Whatever it takes
Wh-- Whatever it takes.
(D
(Doo
Wh-- Whatever it takes.
(Door
(Door hi
Wh-- Whatever it takes.
(Door hiss
(Door hisses
Wh-- Whatever it takes.
(Door hisses)
♪
(Keys click)
(He exhales sharply)
(Computer beeping)
(Whoosh)
D
Do
Do we
Do we r
Do we rea
Do we reall
Do we really
Do we really ha
Do we really have
Do we really have t
Do we really have to
ex
extr
Do we really have to
extrac
extract
Do we really have to
extract th
extract them
Do we really have to
extract them o
extract them one
Do we really have to
extract them one b
extract them one by
Do we really have to
extract them one by on
extract them one by one?
Ca
Can'
extract them one by one?
Can't
Can't ju
extract them one by one?
Can't just
Can't just m
extract them one by one?
Can't just mov
Can't just move
extract them one by one?
Can't just move th
Can't just move the
extract them one by one?
Can't just move the br
Can't just move the brac
extract them one by one?
Can't just move the braces
an
and
Can't just move the braces
and pu
and pull
Can't just move the braces
and pull t
and pull the
Can't just move the braces
and pull the w
and pull the who
Can't just move the braces
and pull the whole
and pull the whole t
Can't just move the braces
and pull the whole thi
and pull the whole thing
Can't just move the braces
and pull the whole thing?
O
Onc
and pull the whole thing?
Once
Once th
and pull the whole thing?
Once the
Once the sh
and pull the whole thing?
Once the shoc
Once the shock
and pull the whole thing?
Once the shock ab
Once the shock abso
and pull the whole thing?
Once the shock absorb
Once the shock absorber
and pull the whole thing?
Once the shock absorbers
ar
are
Once the shock absorbers
are lo
are lock
Once the shock absorbers
are locked
are locked i
Once the shock absorbers
are locked in,
are locked in, t
Once the shock absorbers
are locked in, tha
are locked in, that'
Once the shock absorbers
are locked in, that's
are locked in, that's it
Once the shock absorbers
are locked in, that's it.
It
It's
are locked in, that's it.
It's a
It's a f
are locked in, that's it.
It's a fai
It's a fails
are locked in, that's it.
It's a failsaf
It's a failsafe
are locked in, that's it.
It's a failsafe so
It's a failsafe so n
are locked in, that's it.
It's a failsafe so no
It's a failsafe so no am
are locked in, that's it.
It's a failsafe so no amou
It's a failsafe so no amount
are locked in, that's it.
It's a failsafe so no amount o
It's a failsafe so no amount of
tu
turb
It's a failsafe so no amount of
turbul
turbulen
It's a failsafe so no amount of
turbulence
turbulence c
It's a failsafe so no amount of
turbulence can
turbulence can d
It's a failsafe so no amount of
turbulence can dis
turbulence can dislo
It's a failsafe so no amount of
turbulence can dislodg
turbulence can dislodge
It's a failsafe so no amount of
turbulence can dislodge th
turbulence can dislodge the
pa
payl
turbulence can dislodge the
payloa
payload
turbulence can dislodge the
payload wh
payload when
turbulence can dislodge the
payload when t
payload when the
turbulence can dislodge the
payload when the r
payload when the roc
turbulence can dislodge the
payload when the rocke
payload when the rocket
ta
take
payload when the rocket
takes
takes of
payload when the rocket
takes off.
A
And
takes off.
And w
And wha
takes off.
And what
And what ha
takes off.
And what happ
And what happen
takes off.
And what happens
if
if w
And what happens
if we
if we br
And what happens
if we brea
if we break
And what happens
if we break on
if we break one
And what happens
if we break one of
if we break one of t
And what happens
if we break one of the
if we break one of these
And what happens
if we break one of these?
N
Nim
Nima:
Nima: W
Nima: Wha
Nima: What'
Nima: What's
Nima: What's th
Nima: What's that
Nima: What's that s
Nima: What's that sen
Nima: What's that senso
Nima: What's that sensor?
I
It'
Nima: What's that sensor?
It's
It's th
Nima: What's that sensor?
It's the
It's the pa
Nima: What's that sensor?
It's the payl
It's the payloa
Nima: What's that sensor?
It's the payload
It's the payload co
Nima: What's that sensor?
It's the payload comp
It's the payload compar
Nima: What's that sensor?
It's the payload compartm
It's the payload compartmen
Nima: What's that sensor?
It's the payload compartment,
bu
but
It's the payload compartment,
but it
but it m
It's the payload compartment,
but it mus
but it must
It's the payload compartment,
but it must be
but it must be a
It's the payload compartment,
but it must be a g
but it must be a gli
It's the payload compartment,
but it must be a glitc
but it must be a glitch,
we
we l
but it must be a glitch,
we loc
we locke
but it must be a glitch,
we locked
we locked th
but it must be a glitch,
we locked the
we locked the ha
but it must be a glitch,
we locked the hatc
we locked the hatch
but it must be a glitch,
we locked the hatch ho
we locked the hatch hour
but it must be a glitch,
we locked the hatch hours
we locked the hatch hours ag
but it must be a glitch,
we locked the hatch hours ago.
W
Why
Why a
Why are
Why are t
Why are the
Why are the b
Why are the bla
Why are the blast
Why are the blast d
Why are the blast doo
Why are the blast doors
cl
clos
Why are the blast doors
closed
closed?
Why are the blast doors
closed? Th
closed? They
Why are the blast doors
closed? They'r
closed? They're.
Why are the blast doors
closed? They're...
..
...t
closed? They're...
...the
...they'
closed? They're...
...they're
...they're n
closed? They're...
...they're not
...they're not s
closed? They're...
...they're not sup
...they're not suppo
closed? They're...
...they're not suppose
...they're not supposed
closed? They're...
...they're not supposed to
...they're not supposed to c
closed? They're...
...they're not supposed to clo
...they're not supposed to close
fo
for
...they're not supposed to close
for an
for anot
...they're not supposed to close
for anothe
for another
...they're not supposed to close
for another fi
for another five
...they're not supposed to close
for another five m
for another five min
...they're not supposed to close
for another five minut
for another five minutes
...they're not supposed to close
for another five minutes.
Ha
Has,
for another five minutes.
Has, h
Has, has
for another five minutes.
Has, has s
Has, has som
for another five minutes.
Has, has someo
Has, has someone
for another five minutes.
Has, has someone g
Has, has someone gon
for another five minutes.
Has, has someone gone
Has, has someone gone in
for another five minutes.
Has, has someone gone in t
Has, has someone gone in the
for another five minutes.
Has, has someone gone in there
Has, has someone gone in there?
J
Jus
Has, has someone gone in there?
Just
Just th
Has, has someone gone in there?
Just the
Just the Ra
Has, has someone gone in there?
Just the Rat,
Just the Rat, s
Has, has someone gone in there?
Just the Rat, sir
Just the Rat, sir,
pe
per
Just the Rat, sir,
per yo
per your
Just the Rat, sir,
per your o
per your ord
Just the Rat, sir,
per your order
per your orders.
He
He m
per your orders.
He mus
He must
per your orders.
He must ha
He must have
per your orders.
He must have s
He must have shu
per your orders.
He must have shut
He must have shut th
per your orders.
He must have shut them
He must have shut them.
(T
(Ten
He must have shut them.
(Tense
(Tense i
He must have shut them.
(Tense ins
(Tense instr
He must have shut them.
(Tense instrum
(Tense instrumen
He must have shut them.
(Tense instrumenta
(Tense instrumental
He must have shut them.
(Tense instrumental mu
(Tense instrumental musi
He must have shut them.
(Tense instrumental music)
(B
(Bla
(Blast
(Blast d
(Blast doo
(Blast door
(Blast door hi
(Blast door hiss
(Blast door hisses
(Blast door hisses)
C
Clo
(Blast door hisses)
Close
Close t
(Blast door hisses)
Close thi
Close this.
Go
Go h
Close this.
Go hid
Go hide.
D
Did
Go hide.
Did,
Did, di
Go hide.
Did, did
Did, did yo
Go hide.
Did, did you
Did, did you re
Go hide.
Did, did you real
Did, did you really
Go hide.
Did, did you really t
Did, did you really thi
Go hide.
Did, did you really think
I
I co
Did, did you really think
I coul
I couldn
Did, did you really think
I couldn't
I couldn't g
Did, did you really think
I couldn't get
I couldn't get i
Did, did you really think
I couldn't get in
I couldn't get in he
Did, did you really think
I couldn't get in here
I couldn't get in here?
St
Step
I couldn't get in here?
Step,
Step, st
I couldn't get in here?
Step, step
Step, step a
I couldn't get in here?
Step, step awa
Step, step away
I couldn't get in here?
Step, step away fr
Step, step away from
I couldn't get in here?
Step, step away from t
Step, step away from the
I couldn't get in here?
Step, step away from the r
Step, step away from the roc
I couldn't get in here?
Step, step away from the rocke
Step, step away from the rocket.
L
Las
Step, step away from the rocket.
Last
Last ch
Step, step away from the rocket.
Last chan
Last chance
Step, step away from the rocket.
Last chance t
Last chance to
Step, step away from the rocket.
Last chance to li
Last chance to list
Step, step away from the rocket.
Last chance to listen
to
to r
Last chance to listen
to rea
to reaso
Last chance to listen
to reason,
to reason, N
Last chance to listen
to reason, Nim
to reason, Nima.
Pu
Put
to reason, Nima.
Put yo
Put your
to reason, Nima.
Put your e
Put your ego
to reason, Nima.
Put your ego a
Put your ego asi
to reason, Nima.
Put your ego aside
an
and
Put your ego aside
and lo
and look
Put your ego aside
and look a
and look at
Put your ego aside
and look at th
and look at the
Put your ego aside
and look at the nu
and look at the numb
Put your ego aside
and look at the number
and look at the numbers.
C
Com
and look at the numbers.
Come,
Come, c
and look at the numbers.
Come, com
Come, come
and look at the numbers.
Come, come ou
Come, come out,
and look at the numbers.
Come, come out, A
Come, come out, Ale
and look at the numbers.
Come, come out, Alex.
Al
Alex
Come, come out, Alex.
Alex,
Alex, I
Come, come out, Alex.
Alex, I kn
Alex, I know
Come, come out, Alex.
Alex, I know y
Alex, I know you
Come, come out, Alex.
Alex, I know you'r
Alex, I know you're
Come, come out, Alex.
Alex, I know you're in
Alex, I know you're in h
Come, come out, Alex.
Alex, I know you're in her
Alex, I know you're in here,
co
come
Alex, I know you're in here,
come o
come out
Alex, I know you're in here,
come out w
come out whe
Alex, I know you're in here,
come out where
come out where I
Alex, I know you're in here,
come out where I c
come out where I can
Alex, I know you're in here,
come out where I can s
come out where I can see
Alex, I know you're in here,
come out where I can see y
come out where I can see you
or
or I
come out where I can see you
or I w
or I wil
come out where I can see you
or I will
or I will sh
come out where I can see you
or I will shoo
or I will shoot
come out where I can see you
or I will shoot yo
or I will shoot your
come out where I can see you
or I will shoot your m
or I will shoot your mot
come out where I can see you
or I will shoot your mothe
or I will shoot your mother.
M
Mel
or I will shoot your mother.
Melan
Melanie
or I will shoot your mother.
Melanie:
Melanie: Yo
or I will shoot your mother.
Melanie: You
Melanie: You wo
or I will shoot your mother.
Melanie: You won'
Melanie: You won't
or I will shoot your mother.
Melanie: You won't sh
Melanie: You won't shoo
or I will shoot your mother.
Melanie: You won't shoot
Melanie: You won't shoot me
or I will shoot your mother.
Melanie: You won't shoot me--
I
I w
Melanie: You won't shoot me--
I wil
I will,
Melanie: You won't shoot me--
I will, o
I will, oka
Melanie: You won't shoot me--
I will, okay!
I will, okay!?
I
I wi
I will, okay!?
I will
I will i
I will, okay!?
I will if
I will if yo
I will, okay!?
I will if you
I will if you ma
I will, okay!?
I will if you make
I will if you make m
I will, okay!?
I will if you make me.
Oh
Oh,
I will if you make me.
Oh, go
Oh, good
I will if you make me.
Oh, good.
Oh, good. No
I will if you make me.
Oh, good. Now.
Oh, good. Now...
..
..op
Oh, good. Now...
..open
..open i
Oh, good. Now...
..open it
..open it up
Oh, good. Now...
..open it up.
(B
(Bom
(Bomb
(Bomb ha
(Bomb hatc
(Bomb hatch
(Bomb hatch wh
(Bomb hatch whir
(Bomb hatch whirrs
(Bomb hatch whirrs)
Yo
You,
(Bomb hatch whirrs)
You, y
You, you
(Bomb hatch whirrs)
You, you h
You, you hav
(Bomb hatch whirrs)
You, you have
You, you have fi
(Bomb hatch whirrs)
You, you have five
You, you have five m
(Bomb hatch whirrs)
You, you have five min
You, you have five minut
(Bomb hatch whirrs)
You, you have five minutes
You, you have five minutes t
(Bomb hatch whirrs)
You, you have five minutes to,
to
to p
You, you have five minutes to,
to put
to put t
You, you have five minutes to,
to put the
to put the v
You, you have five minutes to,
to put the via
to put the vials
You, you have five minutes to,
to put the vials b
to put the vials bac
You, you have five minutes to,
to put the vials back.
Al
All
to put the vials back.
All of
All of t
to put the vials back.
All of the
All of them.
♪
(D
(Doo
(Doors
(Doors h
(Doors his
(Doors hiss)
W
Who
(Doors hiss)
Whoa.
L
Las
Whoa.
Last
Last st
Whoa.
Last stop
Last stop.
Whoa.
Last stop. St
Last stop. Stan
Whoa.
Last stop. Stand
Last stop. Stand do
Whoa.
Last stop. Stand down
an
and
Last stop. Stand down
and I'
and I'll
Last stop. Stand down
and I'll l
and I'll let
Last stop. Stand down
and I'll let y
and I'll let you
Last stop. Stand down
and I'll let you l
and I'll let you liv
Last stop. Stand down
and I'll let you live.
W
Wha
and I'll let you live.
What
What a
and I'll let you live.
What a co
What a coin
and I'll let you live.
What a coinci
What a coincide
and I'll let you live.
What a coincidenc
What a coincidence,
I
I wa
What a coincidence,
I was
I was ab
What a coincidence,
I was abou
I was about
What a coincidence,
I was about to
I was about to m
What a coincidence,
I was about to mak
I was about to make
What a coincidence,
I was about to make yo
I was about to make you
th
the
I was about to make you
the sa
the same
I was about to make you
the same o
the same off
I was about to make you
the same offer
the same offer!
Th
This
the same offer!
This i
This is
the same offer!
This is ou
This is our
the same offer!
This is our tr
This is our trai
the same offer!
This is our train.
S
Sor
This is our train.
Sorry
Sorry I
This is our train.
Sorry I'm
Sorry I'm l
This is our train.
Sorry I'm lat
Sorry I'm late.
N
No
Sorry I'm late.
No wo
No worr
Sorry I'm late.
No worrie
No worries,
we
we a
No worries,
we are
we are j
No worries,
we are jus
we are just
No worries,
we are just ge
we are just gett
No worries,
we are just gettin
we are just getting
No worries,
we are just getting st
we are just getting star
No worries,
we are just getting starte
we are just getting started.
H
Her
we are just getting started.
Here
Here we
we are just getting started.
Here we g
Here we go.
I
I'd
Here we go.
I'd t
I'd thi
Here we go.
I'd think
I'd think t
Here we go.
I'd think twi
I'd think twice
Here we go.
I'd think twice a
I'd think twice abo
Here we go.
I'd think twice about
I'd think twice about t
Here we go.
I'd think twice about tha
I'd think twice about that.
(T
(Til
I'd think twice about that.
(Till
(Till gr
I'd think twice about that.
(Till grun
(Till grunts
I'd think twice about that.
(Till grunts)
I
I fo
(Till grunts)
I foun
I found
(Till grunts)
I found a
I found a fr
(Till grunts)
I found a frie
I found a friend
(Till grunts)
I found a friend o
I found a friend of
(Till grunts)
I found a friend of yo
I found a friend of your
(Till grunts)
I found a friend of yours.
L
Lay
I found a friend of yours.
Layto
Layton,
I found a friend of yours.
Layton, d
Layton, do
I found a friend of yours.
Layton, do me
Layton, do me a
I found a friend of yours.
Layton, do me a f
Layton, do me a fav
I found a friend of yours.
Layton, do me a favou
Layton, do me a favour
an
and
Layton, do me a favour
and ki
and kill
Layton, do me a favour
and kill t
and kill thi
Layton, do me a favour
and kill this
and kill this gu
Layton, do me a favour
and kill this guy,
and kill this guy, w
Layton, do me a favour
and kill this guy, wil
and kill this guy, will
Layton, do me a favour
and kill this guy, will ya
and kill this guy, will ya?
Y
You
You k
You kno
You know
You know wh
You know what
You know what I
You know what I t
You know what I thi
You know what I think
You know what I think?
I
I th
You know what I think?
I thin
I think
You know what I think?
I think th
I think that
You know what I think?
I think that "
I think that "te
You know what I think?
I think that "team
I think that "team"
yo
you
I think that "team"
you we
you were
I think that "team"
you were t
you were tal
I think that "team"
you were talki
you were talking
I think that "team"
you were talking a
you were talking abo
I think that "team"
you were talking about
you were talking about?
Th
They
you were talking about?
They w
They wer
you were talking about?
They were
They were th
you were talking about?
They were the
They were the to
you were talking about?
They were the top
They were the top ch
you were talking about?
They were the top chem
They were the top chemis
you were talking about?
They were the top chemists
They were the top chemists,
cl
clim
They were the top chemists,
climat
climatol
They were the top chemists,
climatolog
climatologis
They were the top chemists,
climatologists
climatologists,
They were the top chemists,
climatologists, ge
climatologists, geo-
They were the top chemists,
climatologists, geo-en
climatologists, geo-engi
They were the top chemists,
climatologists, geo-engine
climatologists, geo-engineer
They were the top chemists,
climatologists, geo-engineers
in
in t
climatologists, geo-engineers
in the
in the w
climatologists, geo-engineers
in the wor
in the world
climatologists, geo-engineers
in the world,
in the world, le
climatologists, geo-engineers
in the world, lead
in the world, lead b
climatologists, geo-engineers
in the world, lead by
th
the
in the world, lead by
the sm
the smar
in the world, lead by
the smarte
the smartest
in the world, lead by
the smartest p
the smartest per
in the world, lead by
the smartest perso
the smartest person
in the world, lead by
the smartest person in
the smartest person in a
in the world, lead by
the smartest person in any
the smartest person in any r
in the world, lead by
the smartest person in any roo
the smartest person in any room.
Bu
But
the smartest person in any room.
But so
But some
the smartest person in any room.
But someho
But somehow,
the smartest person in any room.
But somehow, y
But somehow, you
the smartest person in any room.
But somehow, you s
But somehow, you sti
the smartest person in any room.
But somehow, you still
go
got
But somehow, you still
got it
got it w
But somehow, you still
got it wro
got it wrong
But somehow, you still
got it wrong.
I
I,
got it wrong.
I, I
I, I kn
got it wrong.
I, I know
I, I know w
got it wrong.
I, I know wha
I, I know what
got it wrong.
I, I know what yo
I, I know what you'
got it wrong.
I, I know what you're
tr
tryi
I, I know what you're
trying
trying t
I, I know what you're
trying to
trying to do
I, I know what you're
trying to do,
trying to do, al
I, I know what you're
trying to do, alri
trying to do, alrigh
I, I know what you're
trying to do, alright?
I
I t
trying to do, alright?
I thi
I think
trying to do, alright?
I think i
I think it
trying to do, alright?
I think it wa
I think it wasn
trying to do, alright?
I think it wasn't
I think it wasn't t
trying to do, alright?
I think it wasn't the
I think it wasn't the t
trying to do, alright?
I think it wasn't the tea
I think it wasn't the team
th
that
I think it wasn't the team
that f
that fai
I think it wasn't the team
that faile
that failed
I think it wasn't the team
that failed yo
that failed you.
F
Fin
that failed you.
Finis
Finish
that failed you.
Finish th
Finish the
that failed you.
Finish the jo
Finish the job.
I
I t
Finish the job.
I thi
I think
Finish the job.
I think i
I think it
Finish the job.
I think it wa
I think it was
Finish the job.
I think it was ju
I think it was just
Finish the job.
I think it was just y
I think it was just you
Finish the job.
I think it was just you.
A
Ale
I think it was just you.
Alex,
Alex, w
I think it was just you.
Alex, wor
Alex, work
I think it was just you.
Alex, work fa
Alex, work fast
I think it was just you.
Alex, work faster
Alex, work faster a
I think it was just you.
Alex, work faster and
Alex, work faster and c
I think it was just you.
Alex, work faster and clo
Alex, work faster and close
th
the
Alex, work faster and close
the ha
the hatc
Alex, work faster and close
the hatch
the hatch wh
Alex, work faster and close
the hatch when
the hatch when y
Alex, work faster and close
the hatch when you
the hatch when you'r
Alex, work faster and close
the hatch when you're
the hatch when you're do
Alex, work faster and close
the hatch when you're done
the hatch when you're done.
K
Kee
the hatch when you're done.
Keep
Keep yo
the hatch when you're done.
Keep your
Keep your c
the hatch when you're done.
Keep your car
Keep your cardi
the hatch when you're done.
Keep your cardiga
Keep your cardigan
the hatch when you're done.
Keep your cardigan on
Keep your cardigan on.
M
Mel
Keep your cardigan on.
Melan
Melanie
Keep your cardigan on.
Melanie:
Melanie: I
Keep your cardigan on.
Melanie: I th
Melanie: I thin
Keep your cardigan on.
Melanie: I think
Melanie: I think yo
Keep your cardigan on.
Melanie: I think you
Melanie: I think you kn
Keep your cardigan on.
Melanie: I think you knew
th
that
Melanie: I think you knew
that t
that the
Melanie: I think you knew
that the C
that the CW-
Melanie: I think you knew
that the CW-7
that the CW-7 wa
Melanie: I think you knew
that the CW-7 wasn
that the CW-7 wasn't
Melanie: I think you knew
that the CW-7 wasn't r
that the CW-7 wasn't rea
Melanie: I think you knew
that the CW-7 wasn't ready
that the CW-7 wasn't ready,
Melanie: I think you knew
that the CW-7 wasn't ready, bu
that the CW-7 wasn't ready, but
yo
you
that the CW-7 wasn't ready, but
you co
you coul
that the CW-7 wasn't ready, but
you couldn
you couldn't
that the CW-7 wasn't ready, but
you couldn't a
you couldn't adm
that the CW-7 wasn't ready, but
you couldn't admit
you couldn't admit t
that the CW-7 wasn't ready, but
you couldn't admit tha
you couldn't admit that
that the CW-7 wasn't ready, but
you couldn't admit that yo
you couldn't admit that you
that the CW-7 wasn't ready, but
you couldn't admit that you we
you couldn't admit that you were
be
behi
you couldn't admit that you were
behind
behind s
you couldn't admit that you were
behind sch
behind sched
you couldn't admit that you were
behind schedul
behind schedule,
you couldn't admit that you were
behind schedule, o
behind schedule, or
you couldn't admit that you were
behind schedule, or wr
behind schedule, or wron
you couldn't admit that you were
behind schedule, or wrong,
ev
even
behind schedule, or wrong,
even t
even tho
behind schedule, or wrong,
even thoug
even though
behind schedule, or wrong,
even though th
even though the
behind schedule, or wrong,
even though the sm
even though the smal
behind schedule, or wrong,
even though the smalle
even though the smallest
of
of d
even though the smallest
of det
of detai
even though the smallest
of detail
of detail co
even though the smallest
of detail coul
of detail could
even though the smallest
of detail could be
of detail could be c
even though the smallest
of detail could be cat
of detail could be catas
even though the smallest
of detail could be catastr
of detail could be catastrop
even though the smallest
of detail could be catastrophi
of detail could be catastrophic
an
and
of detail could be catastrophic
and ch
and chan
of detail could be catastrophic
and change
and change t
of detail could be catastrophic
and change the
and change the w
of detail could be catastrophic
and change the who
and change the whole
of detail could be catastrophic
and change the whole w
and change the whole wor
of detail could be catastrophic
and change the whole world
and change the whole world.
An
And
and change the whole world.
And ho
And how
and change the whole world.
And how wr
And how wron
and change the whole world.
And how wrong
And how wrong wa
and change the whole world.
And how wrong was
And how wrong was he
and change the whole world.
And how wrong was he,
And how wrong was he, Al
and change the whole world.
And how wrong was he, Alex
And how wrong was he, Alex?
W
Wel
And how wrong was he, Alex?
Well,
Well, a
And how wrong was he, Alex?
Well, are
Well, are w
And how wrong was he, Alex?
Well, are we
Well, are we co
And how wrong was he, Alex?
Well, are we coun
Well, are we counti
And how wrong was he, Alex?
Well, are we counting
Well, are we counting f
And how wrong was he, Alex?
Well, are we counting flo
Well, are we counting flora
an
and
Well, are we counting flora
and fa
and faun
Well, are we counting flora
and fauna
and fauna on
Well, are we counting flora
and fauna on t
and fauna on top
Well, are we counting flora
and fauna on top o
and fauna on top of
th
the
and fauna on top of
the se
the seve
and fauna on top of
the seven
the seven bi
and fauna on top of
the seven bill
the seven billio
and fauna on top of
the seven billion?
E
Eno
the seven billion?
Enoug
Enough!
the seven billion?
Enough! E
Enough! Eno
the seven billion?
Enough! Enoug
Enough! Enough!
Yo
You
Enough! Enough!
You do
You don'
Enough! Enough!
You don't
You don't kn
Enough! Enough!
You don't know
You don't know a
Enough! Enough!
You don't know any
You don't know anyth
Enough! Enough!
You don't know anythin
You don't know anything!
Yo
You
You don't know anything!
You do
You don'
You don't know anything!
You don't
You don't kn
You don't know anything!
You don't know
You don't know a
You don't know anything!
You don't know any
You don't know anyth
You don't know anything!
You don't know anythin
Yo
You don't know anything!
You
You we
You don't know anything!
You were
You weren'
You don't know anything!
You weren't
You weren't th
You don't know anything!
You weren't ther
You weren't there,
You don't know anything!
You weren't there, a
You weren't there, alr
You don't know anything!
You weren't there, alrig
You weren't there, alright
You don't know anything!
You weren't there, alright!?
It
It s
You weren't there, alright!?
It sho
It shoul
You weren't there, alright!?
It should'
It should've
You weren't there, alright!?
It should've w
It should've wor
You weren't there, alright!?
It should've worke
It should've worked!
It
It s
It should've worked!
It sho
It shoul
It should've worked!
It should'
It should've
It should've worked!
It should've w
It should've wor
It should've worked!
It should've worke
It should've worked,
Go
God
It should've worked,
God da
God damn
It should've worked,
God damn y
God damn you
It should've worked,
God damn you!
H
Huh
Huh.
Bu
But
Huh.
But it
But it d
Huh.
But it did
But it didn'
Huh.
But it didn't.
An
And
But it didn't.
And ne
And neit
But it didn't.
And neithe
And neither
But it didn't.
And neither wi
And neither will
But it didn't.
And neither will t
And neither will thi
But it didn't.
And neither will this.
I
It'
And neither will this.
It's
It's ok
And neither will this.
It's okay
It's okay,
And neither will this.
It's okay, wh
It's okay, what
And neither will this.
It's okay, whatev
It's okay, whatever
And neither will this.
It's okay, whatever h
It's okay, whatever hap
And neither will this.
It's okay, whatever happe
It's okay, whatever happens
And neither will this.
It's okay, whatever happens,
it
it's
It's okay, whatever happens,
it's o
it's oka
It's okay, whatever happens,
it's okay.
N
No
it's okay.
No it
No it's
it's okay.
No it's n
No it's not
it's okay.
No it's not,
No it's not, Ti
it's okay.
No it's not, Till
No it's not, Till.
No
Not
No it's not, Till.
Not fo
Not for
No it's not, Till.
Not for me
Not for me.
J
Jus
Not for me.
Just
Just ta
Not for me.
Just take
Just take '
Not for me.
Just take 'em
Just take 'em a
Not for me.
Just take 'em all
Just take 'em all o
Not for me.
Just take 'em all out
Just take 'em all out.
Ju
Just
Just take 'em all out.
Just t
Just tak
Just take 'em all out.
Just take
Just take 'e
Just take 'em all out.
Just take 'em.
S
Spe
Just take 'em.
Speak
Speaker
Just take 'em.
Speaker:
Speaker: T-
Just take 'em.
Speaker: T-mi
Speaker: T-minu
Just take 'em.
Speaker: T-minus
Speaker: T-minus tw
Just take 'em.
Speaker: T-minus two
Speaker: T-minus two mi
Just take 'em.
Speaker: T-minus two minu
Speaker: T-minus two minute
Just take 'em.
Speaker: T-minus two minutes
to
to l
Speaker: T-minus two minutes
to lau
to launc
Speaker: T-minus two minutes
to launch.
S
Sto
to launch.
Stop
Stop th
to launch.
Stop the
Stop the la
to launch.
Stop the laun
Stop the launch
to launch.
Stop the launch,
Stop the launch, Ni
to launch.
Stop the launch, Nima
Stop the launch, Nima.
A
Ale
Stop the launch, Nima.
Alex:
Alex: P
Stop the launch, Nima.
Alex: Ple
Alex: Pleas
Stop the launch, Nima.
Alex: Please,
Alex: Please, N
Stop the launch, Nima.
Alex: Please, Nim
Alex: Please, Nima.
I
I d
Alex: Please, Nima.
I don
I don't
Alex: Please, Nima.
I don't k
I don't kno
Alex: Please, Nima.
I don't know
I don't know ho
Alex: Please, Nima.
I don't know how
I don't know how it
Alex: Please, Nima.
I don't know how it h
I don't know how it hap
Alex: Please, Nima.
I don't know how it happe
I don't know how it happene
Alex: Please, Nima.
I don't know how it happened,
it
it s
I don't know how it happened,
it sho
it shoul
I don't know how it happened,
it shouldn
it shouldn't
I don't know how it happened,
it shouldn't h
it shouldn't hav
I don't know how it happened,
it shouldn't have
it shouldn't have ha
I don't know how it happened,
it shouldn't have happ
it shouldn't have happen
I don't know how it happened,
it shouldn't have happened
it shouldn't have happened.
M
Mel
it shouldn't have happened.
Melan
Melanie
it shouldn't have happened.
Melanie:
Melanie: We
it shouldn't have happened.
Melanie: Well
Melanie: Well e
it shouldn't have happened.
Melanie: Well end
Melanie: Well end t
it shouldn't have happened.
Melanie: Well end thi
Melanie: Well end this
it shouldn't have happened.
Melanie: Well end this no
Melanie: Well end this now.
I
I c
Melanie: Well end this now.
I can
I can't
Melanie: Well end this now.
I can't e
I can't end
Melanie: Well end this now.
I can't end t
I can't end thi
Melanie: Well end this now.
I can't end this
I can't end this no
Melanie: Well end this now.
I can't end this now.
Do
Do y
I can't end this now.
Do you
Do you u
I can't end this now.
Do you und
Do you under
I can't end this now.
Do you underst
Do you understan
I can't end this now.
Do you understand?
I
I ca
Do you understand?
I can'
I can't
Do you understand?
I can't en
I can't end
Do you understand?
I can't end th
I can't end this
Do you understand?
I can't end this n
I can't end this now
Do you understand?
I can't end this now b
I can't end this now bec
Do you understand?
I can't end this now becau
I can't end this now because
th
the
I can't end this now because
the sy
the syst
I can't end this now because
the system
the system i
I can't end this now because
the system is
the system is au
I can't end this now because
the system is auto
the system is automa
I can't end this now because
the system is automate
the system is automated
I can't end this now because
the system is automated af
the system is automated afte
I can't end this now because
the system is automated after
ac
acti
the system is automated after
activa
activati
the system is automated after
activation
activation,
the system is automated after
activation, I'
activation, I'm
the system is automated after
activation, I'm so
activation, I'm sorr
the system is automated after
activation, I'm sorry.
Me
Mela
activation, I'm sorry.
Melani
Melanie,
activation, I'm sorry.
Melanie, I
Melanie, I'm
activation, I'm sorry.
Melanie, I'm s
Melanie, I'm sor
activation, I'm sorry.
Melanie, I'm sorry
Melanie, I'm sorry,
bu
but
Melanie, I'm sorry,
but it
but it's
Melanie, I'm sorry,
but it's t
but it's too
Melanie, I'm sorry,
but it's too l
but it's too lat
Melanie, I'm sorry,
but it's too late
but it's too late no
Melanie, I'm sorry,
but it's too late now.
T
The
but it's too late now.
There
There h
but it's too late now.
There has
There has t
but it's too late now.
There has to
There has to be
but it's too late now.
There has to be a
There has to be a w
but it's too late now.
There has to be a way
There has to be a way.
T
The
There has to be a way.
There
There's
There has to be a way.
There's n
There's no
There has to be a way.
There's no ot
There's no othe
There has to be a way.
There's no other
There's no other wa
There has to be a way.
There's no other way,
yo
you
There's no other way,
you ha
you have
There's no other way,
you have t
you have to
There's no other way,
you have to go
you have to go,
yo
you
you have to go,
you ha
you have
you have to go,
you have t
you have to
you have to go,
you have to ge
you have to get
you have to go,
you have to get ou
you have to get out
you have to go,
you have to get out of
you have to get out of h
you have to go,
you have to get out of her
you have to get out of here
as
as f
you have to get out of here
as fas
as fast
you have to get out of here
as fast as
as fast as y
you have to get out of here
as fast as you
as fast as you c
you have to get out of here
as fast as you can
as fast as you can,
you have to get out of here
as fast as you can, to
as fast as you can, to,
you have to get out of here
as fast as you can, to, to
as fast as you can, to, to,
to
to a
as fast as you can, to, to,
to awa
to away
as fast as you can, to, to,
to away fr
to away from
as fast as you can, to, to,
to away from t
to away from the
as fast as you can, to, to,
to away from the t
to away from the tra
as fast as you can, to, to,
to away from the train
to away from the train,
aw
away
to away from the train,
away f
away fro
to away from the train,
away from
away from Af
to away from the train,
away from Afri
away from Africa
to away from the train,
away from Africa.
(S
(Som
away from Africa.
(Sombr
(Sombre
away from Africa.
(Sombre in
(Sombre inst
away from Africa.
(Sombre instru
(Sombre instrume
away from Africa.
(Sombre instrument
(Sombre instrumental
away from Africa.
(Sombre instrumental m
(Sombre instrumental mus
away from Africa.
(Sombre instrumental music
(Sombre instrumental music)
I'
I'm
(Sombre instrumental music)
I'm gl
I'm glad
(Sombre instrumental music)
I'm glad w
I'm glad we
(Sombre instrumental music)
I'm glad we me
I'm glad we met.
S
Spe
I'm glad we met.
Speak
Speaker
I'm glad we met.
Speaker:
Speaker: T-
I'm glad we met.
Speaker: T-mi
Speaker: T-minu
I'm glad we met.
Speaker: T-minus
Speaker: T-minus 30
I'm glad we met.
Speaker: T-minus 30 s
Speaker: T-minus 30 sec
I'm glad we met.
Speaker: T-minus 30 secon
Speaker: T-minus 30 seconds
to
to l
Speaker: T-minus 30 seconds
to lau
to launc
Speaker: T-minus 30 seconds
to launch.
M
Mel
to launch.
Melan
Melanie
to launch.
Melanie:
Melanie: Ru
to launch.
Melanie: Run!
(D
(Doo
Melanie: Run!
(Door
(Door hi
Melanie: Run!
(Door hiss
(Door hisses
Melanie: Run!
(Door hisses)
(Ice crackling)
G
Get
Get i
Get in
Get in th
Get in ther
Get in there,
Get in there, g
Get in there, guy
Get in there, guys!
Le
Let'
Get in there, guys!
Let's
Let's do
Get in there, guys!
Let's do i
Let's do it!
(M
(Mix
Let's do it!
(Mixed
(Mixed c
Let's do it!
(Mixed cla
(Mixed clamo
Let's do it!
(Mixed clamour
(Mixed clamour)
Dr
Drop
(Mixed clamour)
Drop y
Drop you
(Mixed clamour)
Drop your
Drop your we
(Mixed clamour)
Drop your weap
Drop your weapon
(Mixed clamour)
Drop your weapons!
C
Cra
Drop your weapons!
Crack
Crackin
Drop your weapons!
Crackin'
Crackin' sk
Drop your weapons!
Crackin' skul
Crackin' skulls
ju
just
Crackin' skulls
just l
just lik
Crackin' skulls
just like
just like ol
Crackin' skulls
just like old
just like old ti
Crackin' skulls
just like old time
just like old times,
Crackin' skulls
just like old times, e
just like old times, eh?
Y
You
just like old times, eh?
You k
You kno
just like old times, eh?
You know
You know th
just like old times, eh?
You know that
You know that w
just like old times, eh?
You know that was
You know that wasn'
just like old times, eh?
You know that wasn't
a
a go
You know that wasn't
a good
a good t
You know that wasn't
a good thi
a good thing
You know that wasn't
a good thing,
a good thing, ri
You know that wasn't
a good thing, righ
a good thing, right?
(T
(Ten
a good thing, right?
(Tense
(Tense i
a good thing, right?
(Tense ins
(Tense instr
a good thing, right?
(Tense instrum
(Tense instrumen
a good thing, right?
(Tense instrumenta
(Tense instrumental
a good thing, right?
(Tense instrumental sw
(Tense instrumental swel
a good thing, right?
(Tense instrumental swell)
(T
(Thr
(Tense instrumental swell)
(Thrus
(Thruste
(Tense instrumental swell)
(Thrusters
(Thrusters w
(Tense instrumental swell)
(Thrusters whi
(Thrusters whirr
(Tense instrumental swell)
(Thrusters whirrin
(Thrusters whirring)
F
Fol
(Thrusters whirring)
Follo
Follow
(Thrusters whirring)
Follow me
Follow me t
(Thrusters whirring)
Follow me to
Follow me to th
(Thrusters whirring)
Follow me to the
Follow me to the ne
(Thrusters whirring)
Follow me to the next
Follow me to the next c
(Thrusters whirring)
Follow me to the next car
Follow me to the next car.
R
Rig
Follow me to the next car.
Right
Right b
Follow me to the next car.
Right beh
Right behin
Follow me to the next car.
Right behind
Right behind yo
Follow me to the next car.
Right behind you.
(Rocket whirrs)
♪
Crikey.
(Tense instrumental music)
D
Don
Don't
Don't e
Don't eve
Don't even
Don't even th
Don't even thin
Don't even think
Don't even think ab
Don't even think abou
Don't even think about
Don't even think about it
Don't even think about it.
H
How
How d
How do
How do we
How do we s
How do we sto
How do we stop
How do we stop th
How do we stop the
How do we stop the ro
How do we stop the rock
How do we stop the rocket
How do we stop the rocket?
H
Hey
How do we stop the rocket?
Hey!
Hey! Yo
How do we stop the rocket?
Hey! You
Hey! You sh
How do we stop the rocket?
Hey! You shou
Hey! You should
How do we stop the rocket?
Hey! You shouldn'
Hey! You shouldn't
How do we stop the rocket?
Hey! You shouldn't be
in
in h
Hey! You shouldn't be
in her
in here!
W
Wha
in here!
What,
What, h
in here!
What, how
What, how d
in here!
What, how do
What, how do we
in here!
What, how do we d
What, how do we do
in here!
What, how do we do it
What, how do we do it?
C'
C'mo
What, how do we do it?
C'mon,
C'mon, t
What, how do we do it?
C'mon, the
C'mon, there
What, how do we do it?
C'mon, there's
C'mon, there's g
What, how do we do it?
C'mon, there's got
C'mon, there's gotta
What, how do we do it?
C'mon, there's gotta b
C'mon, there's gotta be
so
some
C'mon, there's gotta be
someth
somethin
C'mon, there's gotta be
something.
something. K
C'mon, there's gotta be
something. Kil
something. Kill
C'mon, there's gotta be
something. Kill sw
something. Kill swit
C'mon, there's gotta be
something. Kill switch
something. Kill switch,
so
some
something. Kill switch,
some,
some, so
something. Kill switch,
some, some
some, some--
N
No,
some, some--
No, t
No, the
some, some--
No, there
No, there's
some, some--
No, there's n
No, there's not
some, some--
No, there's not,
No, there's not, th
some, some--
No, there's not, ther
No, there's not, there
some, some--
No, there's not, there is
No, there's not, there isn'
some, some--
No, there's not, there isn't!
Ni
Nima
No, there's not, there isn't!
Nima w
Nima wou
No, there's not, there isn't!
Nima would
Nima wouldn'
No, there's not, there isn't!
Nima wouldn't
Nima wouldn't al
No, there's not, there isn't!
Nima wouldn't allo
Nima wouldn't allow
No, there's not, there isn't!
Nima wouldn't allow it
Nima wouldn't allow it.
Ic
Iceb
Nima wouldn't allow it.
Icebre
Icebreak
Nima wouldn't allow it.
Icebreaker
Icebreaker i
Nima wouldn't allow it.
Icebreaker is
Icebreaker is tr
Nima wouldn't allow it.
Icebreaker is trac
Icebreaker is tracki
Nima wouldn't allow it.
Icebreaker is tracking
Icebreaker is tracking a
Nima wouldn't allow it.
Icebreaker is tracking acc
Icebreaker is tracking accor
Nima wouldn't allow it.
Icebreaker is tracking accordi
Icebreaker is tracking according
to
to a
Icebreaker is tracking according
to all
to all t
Icebreaker is tracking according
to all the
to all the m
Icebreaker is tracking according
to all the mod
to all the model
Icebreaker is tracking according
to all the models.
(R
(Roc
to all the models.
(Rocke
(Rocket
to all the models.
(Rocket wh
(Rocket whoo
to all the models.
(Rocket whoosh
(Rocket whooshin
to all the models.
(Rocket whooshing)
♪
That's it then, we're doomed.
(Crackling)
♪
(Loud explosion)
(Melanie and Alex laugh)
G
Gem
Gemin
Gemini
Gemini di
Gemini didn
Gemini didn't
Gemini didn't m
Gemini didn't mak
Gemini didn't make
Gemini didn't make it
to
to t
Gemini didn't make it
to the
to the s
Gemini didn't make it
to the str
to the strat
Gemini didn't make it
to the stratos
to the stratosph
Gemini didn't make it
to the stratospher
to the stratosphere.
We
We'r
to the stratosphere.
We're
We're sa
to the stratosphere.
We're safe
We're safe.
I
I di
We're safe.
I didn
I didn't
We're safe.
I didn't t
I didn't thi
We're safe.
I didn't think
th
the
I didn't think
the pa
the payl
I didn't think
the payloa
the payload
I didn't think
the payload ha
the payload hatc
I didn't think
the payload hatch
the payload hatch wo
I didn't think
the payload hatch woul
the payload hatch would
ho
hold
the payload hatch would
hold u
hold up
the payload hatch would
hold up to
hold up to t
the payload hatch would
hold up to the
G-
G-Fo
hold up to the
G-Forc
G-Forces
hold up to the
G-Forces w
G-Forces wit
hold up to the
G-Forces witho
G-Forces without
an
anyt
G-Forces without
anythi
anything
G-Forces without
anything a
anything att
G-Forces without
anything attac
anything attachi
G-Forces without
anything attaching
anything attaching i
G-Forces without
anything attaching it.
(L
(Lau
anything attaching it.
(Laugh
(Laughs)
S
So
(Laughs)
So it
So it's
(Laughs)
So it's o
So it's ove
(Laughs)
So it's over.
I
It'
So it's over.
It's
It's ov
So it's over.
It's over
It's over.
A
Apo
It's over.
Apoca
Apocaly
It's over.
Apocalyps
Apocalypse
It's over.
Apocalypse do
Apocalypse dodg
It's over.
Apocalypse dodged
Apocalypse dodged.
Th
That
Apocalypse dodged.
That's
That's t
Apocalypse dodged.
That's two
That's two f
Apocalypse dodged.
That's two for
That's two for t
Apocalypse dodged.
That's two for two
That's two for two.
♪
J
Jos
Josie
Josie?
Yo
You
Josie?
You al
You alri
Josie?
You alrigh
You alright?
♪
(Crying quietly)
S
She
She j
She jus
She just
She just st
She just star
She just starte
She just started
She just started so
She just started sobb
She just started sobbin
She just started sobbing.
No
Not
She just started sobbing.
Not be
Not beca
She just started sobbing.
Not becaus
Not because
She just started sobbing.
Not because sh
Not because she
She just started sobbing.
Not because she wa
Not because she was
She just started sobbing.
Not because she was af
Not because she was afra
She just started sobbing.
Not because she was afraid
sh
she
Not because she was afraid
she wa
she was
Not because she was afraid
she was go
she was goin
Not because she was afraid
she was going
she was going to
Not because she was afraid
she was going to d
she was going to die
Not because she was afraid
she was going to die b
she was going to die but
be
beca
she was going to die but
becaus
because
she was going to die but
because I
because I to
she was going to die but
because I took
because I took t
she was going to die but
because I took tho
because I took those
she was going to die but
because I took those s
because I took those sho
she was going to die but
because I took those shoes
fr
from
because I took those shoes
from h
from her
because I took those shoes
from her a
from her and
because I took those shoes
from her and s
from her and she
because I took those shoes
from her and she w
from her and she wan
because I took those shoes
from her and she wante
from her and she wanted
because I took those shoes
from her and she wanted to
cl
clin
from her and she wanted to
cling
cling to
from her and she wanted to
cling to t
cling to the
from her and she wanted to
cling to the m
cling to the mem
from her and she wanted to
cling to the memor
cling to the memory
from her and she wanted to
cling to the memory of
cling to the memory of t
from her and she wanted to
cling to the memory of the
cling to the memory of the m
from her and she wanted to
cling to the memory of the man
th
that
cling to the memory of the man
that s
that she
cling to the memory of the man
that she l
that she lov
cling to the memory of the man
that she loved
that she loved.
♪
I
I le
I left
I left y
I left you
I left you w
I left you whe
I left you when
I left you when yo
I left you when you
I left you when you ne
I left you when you need
I left you when you needed
I left you when you needed m
I left you when you needed me
mo
most
I left you when you needed me
most..
most...
Y
You
most...
You d
You don
most...
You don't
You don't o
most...
You don't owe
You don't owe m
most...
You don't owe me
You don't owe me an
ex
expl
You don't owe me an
explan
explanat
You don't owe me an
explanatio
explanation.
♪
(Door trills)
Y
You
You h
You hav
You have
You have th
You have the
You have the tr
You have the trai
You have the train.
G
Gla
You have the train.
Glad
Glad we
You have the train.
Glad we d
Glad we did
You have the train.
Glad we didn'
Glad we didn't
You have the train.
Glad we didn't ha
Glad we didn't have
You have the train.
Glad we didn't have t
Glad we didn't have to
You have the train.
Glad we didn't have to go
th
ther
Glad we didn't have to go
there.
♪
Ca
Care
Care t
Care to
Care to do
Care to do t
Care to do the
Care to do the h
Care to do the hon
Care to do the honou
Care to do the honours
Care to do the honours?
S
Sur
Care to do the honours?
Sure.
♪
Um
Um..
Um...
Um... ho
Um... how
Um... how do
Um... how do I
Um... how do I s
Um... how do I ste
Um... how do I steer
Um... how do I steer?
♪
(Announcement chime)
A
Att
Atten
Attenti
Attention
Attention,
Attention, al
Attention, all
Attention, all pa
Attention, all pass
Attention, all passen
Attention, all passenge
Attention, all passengers
Attention, all passengers..
Attention, all passengers...
go
good
Attention, all passengers...
good m
good mor
Attention, all passengers...
good morni
good morning
Attention, all passengers...
good morning.
♪
Th
The
The te
The temp
The temper
The temperat
The temperatur
The temperature
The temperature in
Ne
New
The temperature in
New Ed
New Eden
The temperature in
New Eden i
New Eden is
The temperature in
New Eden is a
New Eden is a ba
The temperature in
New Eden is a balm
New Eden is a balmy
-6
-6 d
New Eden is a balmy
-6 deg
-6 degre
New Eden is a balmy
-6 degrees
-6 degrees c
New Eden is a balmy
-6 degrees cel
-6 degrees celsi
New Eden is a balmy
-6 degrees celsius
-6 degrees celsius.
As
As w
-6 degrees celsius.
As we
As we di
-6 degrees celsius.
As we dise
As we diseng
-6 degrees celsius.
As we disengag
As we disengage
-6 degrees celsius.
As we disengage th
As we disengage the
ca
cate
As we disengage the
caterp
caterpil
As we disengage the
caterpilla
caterpillar
As we disengage the
caterpillar sy
caterpillar syst
As we disengage the
caterpillar system
caterpillar system a
As we disengage the
caterpillar system and
re
retu
caterpillar system and
return
return t
caterpillar system and
return to
return to tr
caterpillar system and
return to trac
return to track,
caterpillar system and
return to track, w
return to track, we
caterpillar system and
return to track, we re
return to track, we remi
caterpillar system and
return to track, we remind
yo
you
return to track, we remind
you fo
you for
return to track, we remind
you for yo
you for your
return to track, we remind
you for your p
you for your per
return to track, we remind
you for your perso
you for your persona
return to track, we remind
you for your personal
sa
safe
you for your personal
safety
safety,
you for your personal
safety, be
safety, be p
you for your personal
safety, be pre
safety, be prepa
you for your personal
safety, be prepare
safety, be prepared
you for your personal
safety, be prepared to
safety, be prepared to b
you for your personal
safety, be prepared to bra
safety, be prepared to brace
you for your personal
safety, be prepared to brace.
♪
(Outdoor din)
T
The
They'
They're
They're h
They're hom
They're home!
W
Win
They're home!
Winni
Winnie.
They're home!
Winnie...
(L
(Lau
Winnie...
(Laugh
(Laughin
Winnie...
(Laughing)
(O
(Oth
(Laughing)
(Other
(Others
(Laughing)
(Others ex
(Others excl
(Laughing)
(Others exclai
(Others exclaimi
(Laughing)
(Others exclaiming
(Others exclaiming)
H
Hey
(Others exclaiming)
Hey!
Hey! He
(Others exclaiming)
Hey! Hey!
Wh
What
Hey! Hey!
What t
What too
Hey! Hey!
What took
What took yo
Hey! Hey!
What took you
What took you so
Hey! Hey!
What took you so l
What took you so lon
Hey! Hey!
What took you so long?
H
Hey
What took you so long?
Hey-h
Hey-hey
What took you so long?
Hey-hey!
♪
T
The
There
There s
There she
There she i
There she is.
(L
(Lia
There she is.
(Liana
(Liana c
There she is.
(Liana cri
(Liana cries
There she is.
(Liana cries)
He
Hey,
(Liana cries)
Hey, h
Hey, hey
(Liana cries)
Hey, hey,
Hey, hey, he
(Liana cries)
Hey, hey, hey,
Hey, hey, hey, h
(Liana cries)
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
(Liana cries)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, oh
Hey, hey, hey, hey, oh..
(Liana cries)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, oh...
A
Aw.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, oh...
Aw...
♪
W
Wha
What
What el
What else
What else d
What else did
What else did y
What else did you
What else did you d
What else did you do
What else did you do th
What else did you do ther
What else did you do there?
(I
(Ind
What else did you do there?
(Indis
(Indisti
What else did you do there?
(Indistinc
(Indistinct
What else did you do there?
(Indistinct ch
(Indistinct chat
What else did you do there?
(Indistinct chatte
(Indistinct chatter)
H
Hey
(Indistinct chatter)
Hey,
Hey, I
(Indistinct chatter)
Hey, I di
Hey, I didn
(Indistinct chatter)
Hey, I didn't
Hey, I didn't a
(Indistinct chatter)
Hey, I didn't ask
Hey, I didn't ask..
(Indistinct chatter)
Hey, I didn't ask...
i
it
Hey, I didn't ask...
it sh
it shou
Hey, I didn't ask...
it should
it shouldn'
Hey, I didn't ask...
it shouldn't
it shouldn't ta
Hey, I didn't ask...
it shouldn't take
it shouldn't take J
Hey, I didn't ask...
it shouldn't take Jav
it shouldn't take Javi
an
and
it shouldn't take Javi
and me
and me a
it shouldn't take Javi
and me a d
and me a day
it shouldn't take Javi
and me a day o
and me a day or
it shouldn't take Javi
and me a day or so
and me a day or so t
it shouldn't take Javi
and me a day or so to
and me a day or so to ge
it shouldn't take Javi
and me a day or so to get
Bi
Big
and me a day or so to get
Big Al
Big Alic
and me a day or so to get
Big Alice
Big Alice ba
and me a day or so to get
Big Alice back
an
and
Big Alice back
and ru
and runn
Big Alice back
and runnin
and running
Big Alice back
and running ag
and running agai
Big Alice back
and running again.
Th
Then
and running again.
Then t
Then the
and running again.
Then the q
Then the que
and running again.
Then the quest
Then the questio
and running again.
Then the question
Then the question is
and running again.
Then the question is i
Then the question is if
and running again.
Then the question is if we
ha
have
Then the question is if we
have t
have to
Then the question is if we
have to po
have to pop
Then the question is if we
have to pop th
have to pop the
Then the question is if we
have to pop the cl
have to pop the clut
Then the question is if we
have to pop the clutch
on
on S
have to pop the clutch
on Sno
on Snowp
have to pop the clutch
on Snowpie
on Snowpierc
have to pop the clutch
on Snowpiercer
on Snowpiercer o
have to pop the clutch
on Snowpiercer or
on Snowpiercer or if
we
we h
on Snowpiercer or if
we hav
we have
on Snowpiercer or if
we have to
we have to m
on Snowpiercer or if
we have to mak
we have to make
on Snowpiercer or if
we have to make a
we have to make a qu
on Snowpiercer or if
we have to make a quic
we have to make a quick
on Snowpiercer or if
we have to make a quick ex
we have to make a quick exit
on Snowpiercer or if
we have to make a quick exit..
we have to make a quick exit...
Th
Ther
we have to make a quick exit...
There'
There's
we have to make a quick exit...
There's a
There's a lo
we have to make a quick exit...
There's a lot
There's a lot we
we have to make a quick exit...
There's a lot we d
There's a lot we don
we have to make a quick exit...
There's a lot we don't
There's a lot we don't k
we have to make a quick exit...
There's a lot we don't kno
There's a lot we don't know.
We
We d
There's a lot we don't know.
We don
We don't
There's a lot we don't know.
We don't a
We don't act
There's a lot we don't know.
We don't actua
We don't actuall
There's a lot we don't know.
We don't actually
We don't actually kn
There's a lot we don't know.
We don't actually know
ho
how
We don't actually know
how it
how its
We don't actually know
how its po
how its pock
We don't actually know
how its pocket
how its pockets
We don't actually know
how its pockets ar
how its pockets are
We don't actually know
how its pockets are go
how its pockets are goin
We don't actually know
how its pockets are going
how its pockets are going to
la
last
how its pockets are going to
last.
Do
Do w
last.
Do we?
D
Dat
Do we?
Data
Data wa
Do we?
Data was
Data was in
Do we?
Data was inco
Data was inconc
Do we?
Data was inconclu
Data was inconclusi
Do we?
Data was inconclusive
Data was inconclusive.
Co
Coul
Data was inconclusive.
Could
Could be
Data was inconclusive.
Could be t
Could be tod
Data was inconclusive.
Could be today
Could be today o
Data was inconclusive.
Could be today or
Could be today or fi
Data was inconclusive.
Could be today or fift
Could be today or fifty
ye
year
Could be today or fifty
years
years fr
Could be today or fifty
years from
years from n
Could be today or fifty
years from now
years from now.
I
I gu
years from now.
I gues
I guess
years from now.
I guess th
I guess the
years from now.
I guess the tr
I guess the trut
years from now.
I guess the truth
I guess the truth is
years from now.
I guess the truth is,
to
tomo
I guess the truth is,
tomorr
tomorrow
I guess the truth is,
tomorrow's
tomorrow's n
I guess the truth is,
tomorrow's nev
tomorrow's never
I guess the truth is,
tomorrow's never a
tomorrow's never a p
I guess the truth is,
tomorrow's never a pro
tomorrow's never a promi
I guess the truth is,
tomorrow's never a promise
tomorrow's never a promise.
C
Car
tomorrow's never a promise.
Carpe
Carpe d
tomorrow's never a promise.
Carpe die
Carpe diem
tomorrow's never a promise.
Carpe diem it
Carpe diem it i
tomorrow's never a promise.
Carpe diem it is
Carpe diem it is th
tomorrow's never a promise.
Carpe diem it is then
Carpe diem it is then.
W
We
Carpe diem it is then.
We do
We do g
Carpe diem it is then.
We do get
We do get t
Carpe diem it is then.
We do get to
We do get to ch
Carpe diem it is then.
We do get to choo
We do get to choose
Carpe diem it is then.
We do get to choose h
We do get to choose how
we
we l
We do get to choose how
we liv
we live,
We do get to choose how
we live, t
we live, tho
We do get to choose how
we live, thoug
we live, though.
I
I'm
we live, though.
I'm g
I'm gla
we live, though.
I'm glad
I'm glad th
we live, though.
I'm glad that
I'm glad that y
we live, though.
I'm glad that you
I'm glad that you s
we live, though.
I'm glad that you sta
I'm glad that you staye
we live, though.
I'm glad that you stayed.
♪
N
No
No pl
No plac
No place
No place I'
No place I'd
No place I'd ra
No place I'd rath
No place I'd rather
No place I'd rather b
No place I'd rather be.
♪
(P
(Pen
(Pensi
(Pensive
(Pensive m
(Pensive mus
(Pensive music
(Pensive music)
♪
(Indistinct chatter)
O
Oh.
Oh. I
Oh. I d
Oh. I did
Oh. I didn'
Oh. I didn't
Oh. I didn't th
Oh. I didn't thin
Oh. I didn't think
Oh. I didn't think I
Oh. I didn't think I wa
Oh. I didn't think I was
go
goin
Oh. I didn't think I was
going
going to
Oh. I didn't think I was
going to s
going to see
Oh. I didn't think I was
going to see t
going to see the
Oh. I didn't think I was
going to see the t
going to see the two
Oh. I didn't think I was
going to see the two t
going to see the two ton
Oh. I didn't think I was
going to see the two tonig
going to see the two tonight
Oh. I didn't think I was
going to see the two tonight.
No
No L
going to see the two tonight.
No Lia
No Liana
going to see the two tonight.
No Liana?
M
Mil
No Liana?
Miles
Miles i
No Liana?
Miles is
Miles is wa
No Liana?
Miles is watc
Miles is watchi
No Liana?
Miles is watching
Miles is watching h
No Liana?
Miles is watching her
Miles is watching her s
No Liana?
Miles is watching her so
Miles is watching her so mo
No Liana?
Miles is watching her so mom
an
and
Miles is watching her so mom
and da
and dad
Miles is watching her so mom
and dad co
and dad coul
Miles is watching her so mom
and dad could
and dad could ge
Miles is watching her so mom
and dad could get
and dad could get a
Miles is watching her so mom
and dad could get a ni
and dad could get a nigh
Miles is watching her so mom
and dad could get a night
and dad could get a night ou
Miles is watching her so mom
and dad could get a night out.
O
Oh.
R
Rig
Oh.
Right
Right b
Oh.
Right beh
Right behin
Oh.
Right behind
Right behind yo
Oh.
Right behind you.
E
Eve
Right behind you.
Every
Everyth
Right behind you.
Everythin
Everything
Right behind you.
Everything al
Everything alri
Right behind you.
Everything alrigh
Everything alright?
♪
(L
(Lay
(Layto
(Layton
(Layton cl
(Layton clea
(Layton clears
(Layton clears t
(Layton clears thr
(Layton clears throa
(Layton clears throat)
T
Tha
(Layton clears throat)
That
That Ro
(Layton clears throat)
That Rock
That Rocket
(Layton clears throat)
That Rocket w
That Rocket wen
(Layton clears throat)
That Rocket went
That Rocket went of
(Layton clears throat)
That Rocket went off.
That Rocket went off...
Fe
Felt
That Rocket went off...
Felt l
Felt lik
That Rocket went off...
Felt like
Felt like th
That Rocket went off...
Felt like the
Felt like the en
That Rocket went off...
Felt like the end.
I
I k
Felt like the end.
I kno
I know.
Felt like the end.
I know. I
I know. It
Felt like the end.
I know. It di
I know. It did,
Felt like the end.
I know. It did, d
I know. It did, did
Felt like the end.
I know. It did, didn'
I know. It did, didn't
Felt like the end.
I know. It did, didn't it
I know. It did, didn't it?
An
And
I know. It did, didn't it?
And fo
And for
I know. It did, didn't it?
And for a
And for a mi
I know. It did, didn't it?
And for a minu
And for a minute
I know. It did, didn't it?
And for a minute a
And for a minute alm
I know. It did, didn't it?
And for a minute almos
And for a minute almost
fe
felt
And for a minute almost
felt,
felt, uh
And for a minute almost
felt, uh,
felt, uh, pe
And for a minute almost
felt, uh, peac
felt, uh, peacef
And for a minute almost
felt, uh, peaceful
felt, uh, peaceful.
N
No
felt, uh, peaceful.
No mo
No more
felt, uh, peaceful.
No more f
No more fig
felt, uh, peaceful.
No more fight
No more fightin
felt, uh, peaceful.
No more fighting,
no
no m
No more fighting,
no mor
no more
No more fighting,
no more co
no more cold
No more fighting,
no more cold.
N
No
no more cold.
No mo
No more
no more cold.
No more c
No more cou
no more cold.
No more counc
No more council
no more cold.
No more council m
No more council mee
no more cold.
No more council meeti
No more council meeting
no more cold.
No more council meetings.
H
Hmm
No more council meetings.
Hmm.
N
Now
Hmm.
Now y
Now you
Hmm.
Now you'r
Now you're
Hmm.
Now you're no
Now you're not
Hmm.
Now you're not ge
Now you're not gett
Hmm.
Now you're not gettin
Now you're not getting
of
off
Now you're not getting
off th
off that
Now you're not getting
off that e
off that eas
Now you're not getting
off that easy.
Y
You
off that easy.
You c
You can
off that easy.
You can't
You can't b
off that easy.
You can't bla
You can't blame
off that easy.
You can't blame m
You can't blame me
fo
for
You can't blame me
for tr
for tryi
You can't blame me
for trying
for trying.
Hm
Hmm.
S
Sha
Hmm.
Shall
Shall w
Hmm.
Shall we?
Co
Coun
Shall we?
Counci
Council
Shall we?
Council Ch
Council Chai
Shall we?
Council Chair
Council Chair Wa
Shall we?
Council Chair Ward
Council Chair Wardel
Shall we?
Council Chair Wardell?
W
We
Council Chair Wardell?
We sh
We shal
Council Chair Wardell?
We shall,
We shall, C
Council Chair Wardell?
We shall, Cou
We shall, Counc
Council Chair Wardell?
We shall, Council
We shall, Council C
Council Chair Wardell?
We shall, Council Co-
We shall, Council Co-Ch
Council Chair Wardell?
We shall, Council Co-Chai
We shall, Council Co-Chair
La
Layt
We shall, Council Co-Chair
Layton
Layton.
Co
Come
Layton.
Come o
Come on
Layton.
Come on th
Come on then
Layton.
Come on then.
(C
(Chu
Come on then.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
Come on then.
(Chuckles
(Chuckles li
Come on then.
(Chuckles ligh
(Chuckles lightl
Come on then.
(Chuckles lightly)
♪
H
Hey
Hey,
Hey, no
Hey, not
Hey, not so
Hey, not so f
Hey, not so fas
Hey, not so fast,
yo
youn
Hey, not so fast,
young
young la
Hey, not so fast,
young lady
young lady.
C
Com
young lady.
Come
Come on
young lady.
Come on,
Come on, da
young lady.
Come on, dad.
Te
Tech
Come on, dad.
Techni
Technica
Come on, dad.
Technicall
Technically,
Come on, dad.
Technically, t
Technically, the
Come on, dad.
Technically, there
Technically, there's
Come on, dad.
Technically, there's n
Technically, there's no
dr
drin
Technically, there's no
drinki
drinking
Technically, there's no
drinking a
drinking age
Technically, there's no
drinking age i
drinking age in
Technically, there's no
drinking age in Ne
drinking age in New
Technically, there's no
drinking age in New Ed
drinking age in New Eden
Technically, there's no
drinking age in New Eden.
G
Goo
drinking age in New Eden.
Good
Good po
drinking age in New Eden.
Good poin
Good point.
drinking age in New Eden.
Good point. I
Good point. I'm
drinking age in New Eden.
Good point. I'm g
Good point. I'm gon
drinking age in New Eden.
Good point. I'm gonna
ha
have
Good point. I'm gonna
have t
have to
Good point. I'm gonna
have to br
have to brin
Good point. I'm gonna
have to bring
have to bring th
Good point. I'm gonna
have to bring that
have to bring that u
Good point. I'm gonna
have to bring that up
at
at t
have to bring that up
at the
at the n
have to bring that up
at the nex
at the next
have to bring that up
at the next co
at the next coun
have to bring that up
at the next counci
at the next council
have to bring that up
at the next council me
at the next council meet
have to bring that up
at the next council meetin
at the next council meeting.
H
Hey
at the next council meeting.
Hey,
Hey, lo
at the next council meeting.
Hey, look
Hey, look w
at the next council meeting.
Hey, look who
Hey, look who c
at the next council meeting.
Hey, look who cam
Hey, look who came
do
down
Hey, look who came
down o
down off
Hey, look who came
down off t
down off the
Hey, look who came
down off the m
down off the mou
Hey, look who came
down off the mount
down off the mountai
Hey, look who came
down off the mountain,
vi
visi
down off the mountain,
visit
visit ci
down off the mountain,
visit civi
visit civili
down off the mountain,
visit civiliza
visit civilizati
down off the mountain,
visit civilization
visit civilization.
U
Uh,
visit civilization.
Uh, n
Uh, nah
visit civilization.
Uh, nah.
No
Not
Uh, nah.
Not vi
Not visi
Uh, nah.
Not visiti
Not visiting
Uh, nah.
Not visiting,
Not visiting, ac
Uh, nah.
Not visiting, actu
Not visiting, actual
Uh, nah.
Not visiting, actually
Not visiting, actually.
Bu
But,
Not visiting, actually.
But, u
But, um,
Not visiting, actually.
But, um, t
But, um, tim
Not visiting, actually.
But, um, time
But, um, time to
Not visiting, actually.
But, um, time to m
But, um, time to mov
Not visiting, actually.
But, um, time to move
But, um, time to move do
Not visiting, actually.
But, um, time to move down
But, um, time to move down h
Not visiting, actually.
But, um, time to move down her
But, um, time to move down here.
Li
Live
But, um, time to move down here.
Live a
Live amo
But, um, time to move down here.
Live among
Live amongst
But, um, time to move down here.
Live amongst s
Live amongst som
But, um, time to move down here.
Live amongst some
Live amongst some ot
But, um, time to move down here.
Live amongst some othe
Live amongst some other
But, um, time to move down here.
Live amongst some other pe
Live amongst some other peop
But, um, time to move down here.
Live amongst some other people
Live amongst some other people.
Y
Yea
Live amongst some other people.
Yeah,
Yeah, w
Live amongst some other people.
Yeah, we
Yeah, we go
Live amongst some other people.
Yeah, we got
Yeah, we got a
Live amongst some other people.
Yeah, we got a wo
Yeah, we got a word
fo
for
Yeah, we got a word
for th
for that
Yeah, we got a word
for that,
for that, fr
Yeah, we got a word
for that, frie
for that, friend
Yeah, we got a word
for that, friends.
(L
(Lig
for that, friends.
(Light
(Light l
for that, friends.
(Light lau
(Light laugh
for that, friends.
(Light laughte
(Light laughter)
♪
(Laughter)
S
Syk
Sykes
Sykes,
Sykes, do
Sykes, do y
Sykes, do you
Sykes, do you h
Sykes, do you hav
Sykes, do you have
Sykes, do you have a
Sykes, do you have a mi
Sykes, do you have a minu
Sykes, do you have a minute
Sykes, do you have a minute?
Y
Yea
Sykes, do you have a minute?
Yeah.
♪
H
Hey
Hey,
Hey, so
Hey, so,
Hey, so, Sn
Hey, so, Snow
Hey, so, Snowpi
Hey, so, Snowpier
Hey, so, Snowpierce
Hey, so, Snowpiercer
ca
can'
Hey, so, Snowpiercer
can't
can't id
Hey, so, Snowpiercer
can't idle
can't idle f
Hey, so, Snowpiercer
can't idle for
can't idle for l
Hey, so, Snowpiercer
can't idle for lon
can't idle for long,
Hey, so, Snowpiercer
can't idle for long, s
can't idle for long, so
Hey, so, Snowpiercer
can't idle for long, so I'
can't idle for long, so I'll
ha
have
can't idle for long, so I'll
have t
have to
can't idle for long, so I'll
have to ta
have to take
can't idle for long, so I'll
have to take h
have to take her
can't idle for long, so I'll
have to take her o
have to take her out
can't idle for long, so I'll
have to take her out f
have to take her out for
a
a co
have to take her out for
a coup
a couple
have to take her out for
a couple d
a couple day
have to take her out for
a couple days
a couple days wh
have to take her out for
a couple days whil
a couple days while
Al
Alex
a couple days while
Alex d
Alex dec
a couple days while
Alex decid
Alex decides
a couple days while
Alex decides i
Alex decides if
a couple days while
Alex decides if we
Alex decides if we'r
a couple days while
Alex decides if we're
Alex decides if we're go
a couple days while
Alex decides if we're goin
Alex decides if we're going
to
to r
Alex decides if we're going
to ret
to retro
Alex decides if we're going
to retrofi
to retrofit
Alex decides if we're going
to retrofit he
to retrofit her
Alex decides if we're going
to retrofit her or
to retrofit her or n
Alex decides if we're going
to retrofit her or not
to retrofit her or not.
W
Who
to retrofit her or not.
Whoa.
Whoa. S
to retrofit her or not.
Whoa. Slo
Whoa. Slow
to retrofit her or not.
Whoa. Slow do
Whoa. Slow down
to retrofit her or not.
Whoa. Slow down,
Whoa. Slow down, co
to retrofit her or not.
Whoa. Slow down, cowb
Whoa. Slow down, cowboy
to retrofit her or not.
Whoa. Slow down, cowboy.
Yo
You'
Whoa. Slow down, cowboy.
You're
You're l
Whoa. Slow down, cowboy.
You're lea
You're leavi
Whoa. Slow down, cowboy.
You're leaving
You're leaving?
Y
Yea
You're leaving?
Yeah.
Yeah. I
You're leaving?
Yeah. I w
Yeah. I was
You're leaving?
Yeah. I was t
Yeah. I was thi
You're leaving?
Yeah. I was think
Yeah. I was thinkin
You're leaving?
Yeah. I was thinking
ma
mayb
Yeah. I was thinking
maybe
maybe yo
Yeah. I was thinking
maybe you
maybe you co
Yeah. I was thinking
maybe you coul
maybe you could
Yeah. I was thinking
maybe you could ta
maybe you could tag
Yeah. I was thinking
maybe you could tag al
maybe you could tag alon
Yeah. I was thinking
maybe you could tag along,
ke
keep
maybe you could tag along,
keep m
keep me
maybe you could tag along,
keep me co
keep me comp
maybe you could tag along,
keep me compan
keep me company?
I
I co
keep me company?
I coul
I could
keep me company?
I could sh
I could show
keep me company?
I could show y
I could show you
keep me company?
I could show you h
I could show you how
keep me company?
I could show you how t
I could show you how to
dr
driv
I could show you how to
drive
drive th
I could show you how to
drive the
drive the tr
I could show you how to
drive the trai
drive the train.
If
If y
drive the train.
If you
If you'r
drive the train.
If you're
If you're in
drive the train.
If you're inte
If you're intere
drive the train.
If you're interest
If you're interested
drive the train.
If you're interested.
Y
Yea
If you're interested.
Yeah.
I'
I'm
Yeah.
I'm in
I'm inte
Yeah.
I'm intere
I'm interest
Yeah.
I'm interested
I'm interested.
♪
S
Sal
Salut
Salut?
S
Sal
Salut?
Salut
Salut.
♪
W
Who
Who's
Who's s
Who's she
Who's she?
O
Oh,
Who's she?
Oh, t
Oh, tha
Who's she?
Oh, that'
Oh, that's
Who's she?
Oh, that's Bu
Oh, that's Buff
Who's she?
Oh, that's Buffal
Oh, that's Buffalo.
Tu
Turn
Oh, that's Buffalo.
Turns
Turns ou
Oh, that's Buffalo.
Turns out
Turns out sh
Oh, that's Buffalo.
Turns out she
Turns out she wa
Oh, that's Buffalo.
Turns out she was
Turns out she was ju
Oh, that's Buffalo.
Turns out she was just
Turns out she was just a
Oh, that's Buffalo.
Turns out she was just an
En
Engi
Turns out she was just an
Engine
Engineer
Turns out she was just an
Engineer,
Engineer, an
Turns out she was just an
Engineer, and
Engineer, and no
Turns out she was just an
Engineer, and no f
Engineer, and no fan
Turns out she was just an
Engineer, and no fan o
Engineer, and no fan of
Turns out she was just an
Engineer, and no fan of Mi
Engineer, and no fan of Mili
Turns out she was just an
Engineer, and no fan of Milius
Engineer, and no fan of Milius.
G
Goo
Engineer, and no fan of Milius.
Good.
I
I b
Good.
I bel
I belie
Good.
I believe
I believe i
Good.
I believe in
I believe in se
Good.
I believe in seco
I believe in second
Good.
I believe in second c
I believe in second cha
Good.
I believe in second chanc
I believe in second chances
Good.
I believe in second chances.
Yo
You
I believe in second chances.
You ta
You taug
I believe in second chances.
You taught
You taught m
I believe in second chances.
You taught me
You taught me th
I believe in second chances.
You taught me that
You taught me that.
(S
(Smo
You taught me that.
(Smooc
(Smooch)
W
Whe
(Smooch)
Where
Where y
(Smooch)
Where you
Where you g
(Smooch)
Where you goi
Where you going
(Smooch)
Where you going?
(S
(She
Where you going?
(She l
(She lau
Where you going?
(She laugh
(She laughs)
H
Hey
(She laughs)
Hey,
Hey, lo
(She laughs)
Hey, love
Hey, lover-
(She laughs)
Hey, lover-bo
Hey, lover-boy!
Wi
Will
Hey, lover-boy!
Will y
Will you
Hey, lover-boy!
Will you,
Will you, uh
Hey, lover-boy!
Will you, uh,
Will you, uh, ti
Hey, lover-boy!
Will you, uh, tick
Will you, uh, tickle
th
the
Will you, uh, tickle
the iv
the ivor
Will you, uh, tickle
the ivorie
the ivories
Will you, uh, tickle
the ivories fo
the ivories for
Will you, uh, tickle
the ivories for me
the ivories for me?
(L
(Lou
the ivories for me?
(Loude
(Louder
the ivories for me?
(Louder vo
(Louder voic
the ivories for me?
(Louder voices
(Louder voices n
the ivories for me?
(Louder voices nea
(Louder voices nearb
the ivories for me?
(Louder voices nearby)
I
I'l
(Louder voices nearby)
I'll
I'll wa
(Louder voices nearby)
I'll wait
I'll wait f
(Louder voices nearby)
I'll wait for
I'll wait for t
(Louder voices nearby)
I'll wait for the
I'll wait for the s
(Louder voices nearby)
I'll wait for the sin
I'll wait for the singi
(Louder voices nearby)
I'll wait for the singing
I'll wait for the singing.
Si
Sing
I'll wait for the singing.
Singin
Singing,
I'll wait for the singing.
Singing, g
Singing, go.
(C
(Cro
Singing, go.
(Crowd
(Crowd c
Singing, go.
(Crowd cha
(Crowd chatt
Singing, go.
(Crowd chatter
(Crowd chatter)
(I
(Ind
(Crowd chatter)
(Indis
(Indisti
(Crowd chatter)
(Indistinc
(Indistinct
(Crowd chatter)
(Indistinct ch
(Indistinct chat
(Crowd chatter)
(Indistinct chatte
(Indistinct chatter)
(C
(Cha
(Indistinct chatter)
(Chatt
(Chatter
(Indistinct chatter)
(Chatter c
(Chatter con
(Indistinct chatter)
(Chatter conti
(Chatter continu
(Indistinct chatter)
(Chatter continues
(Chatter continues)
(S
(Sof
(Chatter continues)
(Soft
(Soft ke
(Chatter continues)
(Soft keys
(Soft keys)
♪ Everything must change ♪
♪
♪ Nothing means the same ♪
♪ Everyone must change ♪
♪
♪ No one or nothing
remains the same ♪
♪
♪ Young becomes old ♪
♪ Mysteries do unfold ♪
♪
H
Hey
Hey.
H
Hey
Hey.
♪ Because that's
the way of time ♪
S
She
She's
She's s
She's sti
She's still
She's still g
She's still got
She's still got i
She's still got it.
A
Ama
She's still got it.
Amazi
Amazing
She's still got it.
Amazing,
Amazing, wi
She's still got it.
Amazing, with
Amazing, with w
She's still got it.
Amazing, with wha
Amazing, with what
sh
she'
Amazing, with what
she's
she's be
Amazing, with what
she's been
she's been t
Amazing, with what
she's been thr
she's been throu
Amazing, with what
she's been through
she's been through.
W
We'
she's been through.
We've
We've a
she's been through.
We've all
We've all b
she's been through.
We've all bee
We've all been
she's been through.
We've all been th
We've all been thro
she's been through.
We've all been throug
We've all been through.
Y
You
We've all been through.
You t
You thi
We've all been through.
You think
You think N
We've all been through.
You think New
You think New E
We've all been through.
You think New Ede
You think New Eden
ca
can
You think New Eden
can su
can supp
You think New Eden
can suppor
can support
You think New Eden
can support us
can support us a
You think New Eden
can support us all
can support us all?
W
We'
can support us all?
We'll
We'll f
can support us all?
We'll fig
We'll figur
can support us all?
We'll figure
We'll figure it
can support us all?
We'll figure it o
We'll figure it out
can support us all?
We'll figure it out.
Ev
Ever
We'll figure it out.
Everyo
Everyone
We'll figure it out.
Everyone's
Everyone's w
We'll figure it out.
Everyone's wel
Everyone's welco
We'll figure it out.
Everyone's welcome
Everyone's welcome h
We'll figure it out.
Everyone's welcome her
Everyone's welcome here.
T
Tha
Everyone's welcome here.
That'
That's
Everyone's welcome here.
That's ho
That's how
Everyone's welcome here.
That's how it
That's how it s
Everyone's welcome here.
That's how it sho
That's how it shoul
Everyone's welcome here.
That's how it should'
That's how it should've
be
been
That's how it should've
been f
been fro
That's how it should've
been from
been from th
That's how it should've
been from the
been from the st
That's how it should've
been from the star
been from the start.
W
We
been from the start.
We go
We got
been from the start.
We got th
We got ther
been from the start.
We got there
We got there ev
been from the start.
We got there even
We got there eventu
been from the start.
We got there eventual
We got there eventually
been from the start.
We got there eventually.
(L
(Lay
We got there eventually.
(Layto
(Layton
We got there eventually.
(Layton ch
(Layton chuc
We got there eventually.
(Layton chuckl
(Layton chuckles
We got there eventually.
(Layton chuckles)
T
Tim
(Layton chuckles)
Time
Time fo
(Layton chuckles)
Time for
Time for Li
(Layton chuckles)
Time for Lian
Time for Liana
(Layton chuckles)
Time for Liana to
gr
grow
Time for Liana to
grow u
grow up.
W
Wat
grow up.
Watch
Watch o
grow up.
Watch out
Watch out,
grow up.
Watch out, it
Watch out, it g
grow up.
Watch out, it goe
Watch out, it goes
grow up.
Watch out, it goes by
Watch out, it goes by f
grow up.
Watch out, it goes by fas
Watch out, it goes by fast.
Y
Yea
Watch out, it goes by fast.
Yeah,
Yeah, s
Watch out, it goes by fast.
Yeah, she
Yeah, she l
Watch out, it goes by fast.
Yeah, she lea
Yeah, she learn
Watch out, it goes by fast.
Yeah, she learned
Yeah, she learned a
Watch out, it goes by fast.
Yeah, she learned a n
Yeah, she learned a new
wo
word
Yeah, she learned a new
word,
word, tr
Yeah, she learned a new
word, trai
word, train.
♪
(Both laugh)
L
Lon
Long
Long ma
Long may
Long may sh
Long may she
Long may she ro
Long may she roll
Long may she roll.
H
Hmm
Long may she roll.
Hmm.
♪
♪ You can be sure of ♪
Ex
Exce
Except
Except r
Except rai
Except rain
Except rain co
Except rain come
Except rain comes
Except rain comes fr
Except rain comes from
Except rain comes from c
Except rain comes from clo
Except rain comes from cloud
Except rain comes from clouds
Su
Sunl
Except rain comes from clouds
Sunlig
Sunlight
Except rain comes from clouds
Sunlight f
Sunlight fro
Except rain comes from clouds
Sunlight from
Sunlight from th
Except rain comes from clouds
Sunlight from the
Sunlight from the sk
Except rain comes from clouds
Sunlight from the sky
An
And
Sunlight from the sky
And hu
And humm
Sunlight from the sky
And hummin
And humming
Sunlight from the sky
And humming bi
And humming bird
Sunlight from the sky
And humming birds
Do
Do f
And humming birds
Do fly
Ev
Ever
Do fly
Everyt
Everythi
Do fly
Everything
Everything m
Do fly
Everything mus
Everything must
Do fly
Everything must ch
Everything must chan
Do fly
Everything must change
♪
♪ Everything ♪
♪ Everything must ♪
♪ Change ♪
(S
(Sus
(Susta
(Sustain
(Sustained
(Sustained n
(Sustained not
(Sustained note)
(S
(Son
(Sustained note)
(Song
(Song co
(Sustained note)
(Song conc
(Song conclu
(Sustained note)
(Song conclude
(Song concludes)
(M
(Mid
(Mid-t
(Mid-tem
(Mid-tempo
(Mid-tempo t
(Mid-tempo ten
(Mid-tempo tense
(Mid-tempo tense m
(Mid-tempo tense mus
(Mid-tempo tense music
(Mid-tempo tense music)
♪
(Silence)
(Trilling)